And I̴̢̛̦̻͇̗̰̫͙̩͉̬̠͍̯͈͔̲̜͂ͬ̃̍̈́ͧ̾̐́̚̚͢͡ͅN̵̴̜̩̞͉͙͔̪̜͈̳̲̬̞̳̥ͫ̂̈̇ͭ͗̊͢T̵̬̺̯̮̻̣̻̱͖̱͔̦̞̫̠̲ͩ́ͤ̉Oͤ̈ͪ̓͐͐̏̇ͦ͏̨̝͓̪̭ ̷̶̡̬͕̝͉̲͍̯̟̣̱͋̏ͪͫ̄͌̃ͨ͛ͨͥͨ̓͊̏̈́̏̓ͯ̀̀T̗̱͖̤͈̯͓̯̟̆̓͂ͮ̕͢H͍͙̣̙̥͓̠̺̽ͩ̃ͨ́͢͡͞E̴̡͔͚͕̘̼͖̺͇̰̤̥͎̻̮̥̒͛ͭ̋̓̋̏ͥ͗ͥ͞͝͝ ̷̢̳̳͚̤͎̹̖͈̼̝͇̫̱̰͕̝͑͛̃̔͛̂͑ͪͬ͛̐͜A̸͇͈͖͉̩̱͚̫̭̜̺̘̪̞͂ͦͨ̃ͣ̿̉̏̄̂̽̐ͮ̊͌͂̀͞B̢͙̞̦̼͚̑͐̆̎ͩ̔́͘͢͠Y̵̻̜̱̟̓̏͐͐̈́S̵̑͂̆ͤ̍ͤͫ̑͆́͠͏̶̴͈̼͉̺̭̪Ș̨̛̙̤͉͈̬̗̫̱̲̦ͭ̆͒͊͌ͯͯ̾̾͊̎̚͘͜͠ͅͅ
I'm curious, how do you think this movie is pandering?
http://imgur.com/a/ATeIN
&gt; retired


Post it there again. The last thing they'll expect is a repost!
A wise friend once told me, "If something is an acquired taste that just means it sucks to begin with."
Legally I'm not allowed to talk about this while the child support negotiations are still going on.
The one on the left is Susie, the one in the middle is Jeltholomew, and the one on the right is Jelonzo Junior.

Disclaimer: Jeltholomew and Jelonzo Junior look the exact same and I may have already lost track.
They've got MTV in Inkopolis, right?
So much trouble. I realized that you can sheepdog these little guys around by walking into them on the plaza and so I immediately started trying to set up this picture, but they start to walk away again if you leave them alone for more than like five seconds. I spent a solid half hour trying to corral these  guys into once place while shouting at them to stay with their siblings and not wander off on their own. I imagine this is what real parenthood feels like.
I don't wanna go kissing and telling, but the one on the right is named Jelonzo Junior.
Thank you I'm so proud :')
[Yup](http://imgur.com/1Og57Cf)
"Lissandra why did you claw in you had like 200 health"

"I saw Bjergsen do it"

"Oh ok carry on"
Looking at the original image I assumed that Therazane's little patch of territory was probably around the Well of Eternity, since that's where the Maelstrom eventually formed and it ties into Deepholm. But looking at the image you just linked the WoE is pretty much dead center, whereas Therazane's territory is more to the northeast. Anyone have any idea about what it actually was?
We already got a Grom Hellscream redemption arc, and then another Grom Hellscream redemption arc, and it looks like we're about to get an Illidan redemption arc as well. Why not let the old gods get in on the fun?
See this is exactly what /u/nighttimehobby was talking about.
And Echo Fox.
Wouldn't that be proof that it's not? If it was scripted they would've known the outcome and wouldn't preemptively put up an outcome like that.
&gt;a TSM and IMT fan

That's a weird way to spell "bandwagoner"
If you build enough AP Janna Q basically becomes a Lux ult. You could've salvaged it if you really tried.
Janna is the first champion I ever bought thanks to that video. Five years later and I'm still naming my mastery page "Goddess Slut of Assists."
Well played, you marvelous bastard.
This isn't your reaction when the Super Smash Bros characters come to life and you walk in an on a epic battle between Kirby and the Wii Fit Trainer, this is just the Super Smash Bros characters coming to life and having an epic battle between Kirby and the Wii Fit Trianer. C'mon OP, it's not called /r/ShittyOtherPeopleDoingThingsGifs. Get it together.
2003 wasn't 13 years-

Oh. Oh wow.
