I am prepared, i think. But at least now maybe we can both stop avoid our social group. 
Thank you. 
You have a good point. And I know it probably was stupid. Very stupid actually. But it felt good in the moment. And it feels good now. I guess just time will tell me how stupid I am. 
I did write to him eventually. Asked him about the recepie for the tea he makes himself. And said that I hoped everything was fine with him. He answerd back within a few minutes and told me about his day and asked how I was and answered my question. I said thanks and told him to take care of himself. He answered that he was happy to hear from me. 
So... Im not sure if it was dumb of me or very dumb of me to write. I think im leaning towards very dumb. 
Thank you alot for the good answer. I will look into folktales and fairytales instead then. Angela Carter's collection sound very interesting. So I will start there. 
Again thank you alot.
Ah... No I dont think there was any improvement that would not have been even if i didnt lose weight. But I could be wrong.. It is hard to say. 
Thank you :)
Being active i always a good thing, no matter what kind of activity it is you are doing. But i think the weight training did most of the work. :) 
weight lifting was a big life changer for me. Good luck to you to. Its a big step and you should be proud :D
I feel strong :) 
Haha thank you :) 
I feel like a brand new woman too :) thank you alot ^^ 
Haha thank you :) it feels good ^^ 
Thank you :) 
Thank you for the tip :) I wish you all luck :)
This week I started to go to the small room without machines at the gym. You know, the room where the big and pumped people spend their time?  At first I felt a bit out of place. But today it felt awesome :D  
Thank you. Good work to you too :) 
Thank you :)
at first I was mostly focusing on losing. So allot of walking. I must have walked for hours every day. 1200 calories intake.
Then when i got thinner I started going to the gym. Building a bit muscle, but weight loss was still my goal. Then I was going about 3 times every week and eating 1200 calories. 
Now I go 5 - 6 times a week. 30 minutes cardio before I start lifting. I do muscle groups leg and arms in one day and then the next day I do back and stomach. Some weeks I change it up and do stomach leg and arms back. So that the body don't get used to a routine. I try to throw in a few new exercises every few weeks too. 
At first I was eating about 1200 calories with this routine to. But i noticed I was bloating and gained weight. I found that strange but decided to give myself a higher calorie limit, to see if starvation was the problem. So now I eat about 1500 calories every day and those last few pounds were gone almost over a night.
Thank you. Is it obnoxious to say that I am? Because I am very proud :) Could not have done it without r/progresspics or r/loseit ^^ 
Oh... thank you. I´m glad you think so :)
Blood, sweat and tears makes all the difference ;) 
Thank you so much!
Thank you :)
Oh. Thank you! Your comment means alot to me and it made me smile too. 
I saw it on my belly first. My figure got a lot better fast. Then it was my face... my double chin is almost gone now. So that is amazing :D
My thighs and arms are a different story. Sure I have lost two sizes from XL to M/L but it is not as noticeable as my belly who has gone from XL to S/M. Shopping is a bitch. Specially new pants. Because none fits perfectly. But then again. I feel amazing and are super proud of the progress I have made. The thighs will give in eventually :) 
I have had some setbacks. A bit to much partying due to being single for the first time in years. Some hangover pizzas have made my progress slower than I hoped for. But there is still some progress so I´m still happy :) 
This week I´m going to be super good, i need to fit in my halloween costume :D 
I think these weeks have been a solid 7. Thanks to still having lost almost 11 lbs :) 
