They don't think girls are human.
Maybe he compares little girls' maturity to his. They're more mature &amp; moral than he is, he considers himself mature because he's an idiot who doesn't realize how ignorant he is, so he thinks they're both mature enough. 
Saudi Arabia is like straight out of a dystopian novel. Completely f*cked up. 
What do you think about transgender children? Is it okay to put kids on puberty blockers? I've read articles about very young children, like 5-year-olds, whose parents think they're transgender because they're assigned male but want to wear a dress or play with dolls. To me it sounds like their parents have taught them they must be girls because they don't conform to gender stereotypes.

Do you think it's wrong to say, for example, that abortion is a women's issue? Should gender-neutral language be used when talking about it, such as "people with a womb" vs. "women"? "Pregnant women" vs. "pregnant people"?
[This](http://imgur.com/IXsJphB) appears when I try to open that webpage. Wtf...?
I got +5 which seems like a low score, but I've never felt oppressed. This list is full of petty first world problems.
I want my faith in humanity to be buried next to my toucan. 
Feminists have become more conservative than actual conservatives.
Except obesity. They think it's genetic. 
That's not oppression, don't they know women love wearing cardboard burqas?
I know people whose mothers were abusive. Let's stop celebrating Mothers' day?
&gt;I wish I had the kind of power to do something like this

I hope you never get more power than the power of deciding whether you want a striped or solid-colored carpet on your floor.

F*ck these racists whose lives revolve around microaggressions, but get excited when there is legitimate institutional racism. SJWs hate white people for their skin color, period. Who actually has power over whom doesn't matter to them.
That was a great anime. It reminded me of Tumblr so much.
I guess I can't like Beethoven anymore.
SWJs with genocidal impulses don't surprise me. 

Reblog to delete Tumblr. 
I can't believe segregation is a progressive thing nowadays. I feel so old.
Stop appropriating the experiences of Third World women to support your anti-manspreading feminism.
I have mismatched eyes. Check your cischromia privilege.
Um... Using SJW terms, this is tokenizing women who live in poor countries and appropriating their lived experiences.
They keep tacking on more and more words in front of "patriarchy". Please add "pro-spider" because I can't stand spiders.
&gt;We know it is possible to convince people mass murder is required in the right circumstances (like the 1940s).

We still punish Nazi war criminals when new evidence of their crimes shows up.

&gt; It is not a slap on the wrist if you stop thinking only in terms of revenge. It is prevention. 

I don't think in terms of revenge. I think in terms of protecting people from Isis.

- Your method doesn't reliably prevent the "former" Isis terrorists from organizing terrorist attacks in the countries that have accepted them back. Isis claimed to be responsible for the Garland shooting. France and other European countries have caught lots of people who were planning new attacks.

- Coddling Isis terrorists also makes it easier for people to join Isis, because they know there will be a safety net if they change their mind.

- By putting Isis terrorists back in the community, giving them social security, jobs and medical attention, countries like Sweden help them recruit more people, fund terrorism, and continue fighting despite their injuries.

- It's unlikely they'll think you're kind and just if you help them. They'll think you're an obedient dhimmi.

- Not punishing them in any way sends a message that what they're doing is legal and just harmless mischief.

&gt;deporting (now they aren't our problem)

Terrorists make countries unsafe. It's countries' responsibility is to take care of the safety of their people. If you immigrate somewhere and start breaking the law, I think it's the country's right to kick you out, because you didn't keep your part of the contract (the country protects you and you have to obey its laws).

If you want an ex-Isis terrorist to live next door, that's fine by me, but I don't want to live anywhere close to terrorists.

&gt;those who disagree with Western morality.

Isis terrorists aren't guilty of a thought crime or a simple disagreement, they're guilty of violating the integrity of human life in every possible way. There are also millions of non-Westerners who are hurt by Isis, so it's not just disagreeing with "Western morality".

&gt;Because that is what they see - no criminal justice for homicide, but an ideological war. 

It is an ideological war, but an illegal one, so it's both at the same time.
I see them as violent criminals with extremely twisted beliefs. A crime is a crime even if it happens in a foreign country.

If there isn't any proof of specific crimes, and we only know they joined Isis, then deportation and taking away their citizenship (if they're immigrants) or giving them a prison sentence (if they're natives) is enough.

Giving Isis terrorists a slap on the wrist (like Sweden and Denmark do) and releasing them among the people whose genocide they consider a religious obligation is like giving a known pedophile a job in a kindergarten.
There is no law that forces women to wear high heels. I haven't worn them in 3 years. 
Being raised in a Western country doesn't have much effect, if you're strictly controlled by your Muslim parents and live in a neighborhood that has so many Muslims that you don't necessarily have to talk to anyone else a lot.

Hate speech laws are strict and some idiots think criticizing Isis is the same as criticizing all Muslims, so if teachers said something that offended a pro-isis student, they would probably be in trouble. 

Also there are echo chambers on the internet. You've seen how they work on Tumblr with SJWs. 
If I'm a woman and I deny rape culture exists, am I still a rapist? I thought these people think women can't rape. 
