I don't know, he made a pretty compelling argument. I mean, it is in fact, the current year.
That is a suave way to handle a group project fail.
Is MGTOW popular there? I would imagine a lot of guys just don't want to risk a relationship at this point. I also have to imagine many women are complaining "they can't find a good man" is that the case?
Yup, it saddens me that so many great female characters get shit on for no real reason at all. None of the guys I game with care about playing as a female character, we do it intentionally many times, yet it is made to seem dirty. Like we have an ulterior motive for experiencing the content. I so dislike non-gamers telling gamers who they are.
I thought I could b8. m8 I don't even r8. You have taken it to an art-form.
[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMU2NwaaXEA) for anyone that never experienced the magic.
Agreed, OP put a lot of effort into this.
I always upvote Yuengling.
Unless it is hardcore d3 it isn't really skill based. The best option there would to be to look up good classes/builds but her BF should be more than capable of that guidance(or maybe he's also actually shit).
"Lets dispel this illusion that repetition is the mother of all learning." ~Marco Rubio
They have been trying it with the heavy metal scene and gotten shit on. They seem to have just given up at this point.
Hullooooooo!
I really doubt he would, most people that play KSP are far too passionate about it to screw over SQUAD like that.
Slam fuckin' dunk.
Damn, put a trigger warning on that.
Tone policing is really annoying anyplace but especially the comedy subs.
I seriously don't understand the logic there.
I try to upvote the people that got downvoted for politely and honestly answering the question even if I disagree. I also here downvote bots are a thing from time to time.
IIRC this sub and askmen occasionally have problems with downvote bots. It was particularly bad in here maybe 5 months ago, almost every comment was at -5 for no reason. So people take internet conversations way too seriously...
You can watch the footage of [her parents watching her die](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hQL0NWS1Rc). If you are in the mood to make yourself feel sad anyway.
Ah ya that sucks, great username btw. I think I first saw you in an askreddit thread and got a hearty chuckle.
It was a while ago, I may be misremembering or was looking at higher quality rounds.
&gt; I (a woman)

We have flair here so you don't have to give that disclaimer every time :-P


Ya, last I saw they were 2-3 times that much.
Most people acknowledge comedians make shit up for the sake of a joke, Jim Gaffigan makes up tons of shit for his jokes but is loved. That is part of the medium, good story telling, this isn't prime time news so no one gives a shit if things get embellished for the sake of humor. I don't know why people dislike Amy as much as they do but the way you said that made it sound like you are comparing apples to oranges.
