I love it except when I need to fill it. I hate the screw-top lid thing.  I also find the draw way too airy with the airflow slot fully open, I usually have it only about 1/3 open and then its perfect.
[Area 51 Cyborg](http://area51ejuice.co.uk/) in Aspire Triton 2 on a Coolfire IV.

Sent my mum some flowers and called her but nothing else special planned for today.
That was my experience in the beginning but by the time it finished growing (about 12 months or so) there was a distinct difference in size between flaccid and erect. I'm definitely a "grower".
Definitely agree with the thinner ones, maybe a half-rim. And as your hair and complexion is fair, I'd go with something lighter than black.

Something like this one: http://www.zennioptical.com/metal-alloy-stainless-steel-half-rim-eyeglass-frames-656015.html
Good luck for the interview!

As for 'pit hair, I have always thought it gross and I still keep them either shaved or trimmed. My mother insists on embarrassing me with a story about how I almost threw up on seeing my dad's pit hair when I was about four. My opinion of it hasn't improved since then.
1. I don't think it's Gallywix. It seems to me that the Steamwheedle cartel is much wealthier than the Bilgewaters, especially since most of the Bilgewater's assets were lost when they were forced to evacuate from Kezan. So I'd say, Trade Prince Steamwheedle, whoever that is.  Or maybe the CEO of the Venture Co.

2. ~~Zen'kiki~~  Johnny Awesome.

3. Medivh.



 
I guess it's like music or art - it can be taught but you need some natural talent at it in order to excel.
If you're playing a Tauren, absolutely do Stonetalon Mountains when you hit level 25.  There's some great story in there, and some very interesting insight into Garrosh's personality. Its one of my favourite zones for the Horde.  Then roll a night elf and play it again from the other side.

You won't see Draeni as a Tauren until much later, because the Draeni are Alliance. Once you get to Outlands you'll see plenty.

You're half right about Draeni starting zones seeming further ahead; because they are, kind of, and not, at the same time. Draeni were introduced in the Burning Crusade expansion (along with Blood Elves) so their starting zones are later in time than the original vanilla races (orcs, Tauren, etc). But then Cataclysm came along and everything changed yet again - but the Draeni and Blood Elf starting zones didn't change at all.  So now their starting zones are actually behind the others in time.

And some starting areas changed more than others (Forsaken, for example) whereas Mulgore has changed hardly at all, except for a new chieftan and a giant wall now blocking exit into the Barrens.  

In my opinion the best starting zones lore-wise are Tirisfal Glades(Forsaken)/Shadowpine/Hillsbrad for Horde and Gilneas(Worgen)/Darkshore/Ashenvale for Alliance, with Elwynn (Human)/Westfall/Redridge a close second. If you do Redridge, be sure to do Burning Steppes later. I won't tell you why because [spoilers].
You might get more responses if you made an actual survey on surveymonkey or google docs. But here goes:

Biological Sex – born as female (but I am post-transition transsexual) 

Chin – not cleft 

Earlobes – attached

Hair line – not widow’s peak 

Tongue rolling – yes

Pigmentation – yes

Hemoglobin shape – normal

Vision – can see colour

Blood clotting – clots normally


How many weeks apart were the first two, and how many between the second and third?

The ongoing interval is generally an average of 12 weeks apart but the first two should be 6 weeks apart. 
I don't see why not. There have always been freelance journalists, even before blogging was a thing.
I'm in England (north-west) and it never gets hot enough here for me to want to wear shorts. I pretty much only ever wear them if I go abroad.
I'm on Nebido which is the same thing in Europe. Are you new to Aveed or have you been on it a while?  How frequent are your shots?
She's 27 now, she was 22 when I started transition. She calls me by my name in public.

Letting your son choose a new name too - that's the most awesome thing ever. 
I think maybe the difference between us here is that my daughter's father is someone who is still part of our lives and is someone I still love. He took the role of father while our daughter was young and I took the role of mother because I believed I had no choice.  It is something I would never do again, not for anything, but I have not one single regret about it now.

When I told her I was transitioning, she asked me if she could still call me "Mum". It broke my heart and filled me with joy at the same time, but I said yes.

Fortunately she has the good sense to not call me Mum in public.
Also - I used to think I felt old when cops looked younger than me. Now they look younger than my kids.
Live Aid happened 31 years ago - the year I left school.
I don't do this any more because I don't have enough time, but I used to make money on the side by painting portraits of people's pets (mostly dogs). I put ads up in all the local vet offices and doggy grooming parlours. 
Anti-virus software.
I tried a harp once and found it surprisingly easy. All the C and F strings are coloured so you know where the notes are, and then its basically the same as playing a piano, except without the black keys. To get sharps and flats you flip toggles at the top of each string, depending on what key you're playing in. (You don't want to be changing key mid-way through a piece though, unless you're really fast).
The moose. It brings its own melee weapons to the fight. Also horses are not particularly aggressive and heavies like Clydesdales are even less aggressive than most. Gentle giants.
["Jigsaw" by Marillion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0e042ZZnCw)  Also Fugazi, from the same album.
Basically, as you so eloquently demonstrated.
Haha!
Anne Rice.
