I'm willing to bet Oliver had this episode approved and scheduled before any work was put into it, assuming it would be easy to dig up dirt on Trump. Turns out there's not really a whole lot out there and he had to devote a ridiculous amount of time to insignificant footnotes
Trump is literally the direct English translation of Trumpf. This was standard fare at Ellis Island and hardly amounts to Lebowitz to Stewart which is a wholly celebrity name change that Jon Stewart made, not his immigrant grandfather.

It's not hypocritical to criticize a choice someone made just because your grandfather made a vaguely related decision.
Just making another comparison to get in that obligatory Sanders joke haha, we're on the same page.
It's turning the ten dollar allowance that the morons who spread these dumb-ass comments donate to Sanders into the hundred grand of their student loans.
Speaking of which, it really chaps my ass when people try to smugly discredit it this by mentioning his million dollar loan. Like of course a million dollars is a lot of money, but turning that into ten billion is 10,000x return on investment. *ten thousand times.* One *million* percent growth. That literally cannot happen without astounding business acumen.

Hey-o, sorry, haven't been on Reddit. About the wall, yeah, I'm not geopolitically savvy enough to understand the consequences of forcing Mexico to pay for a wall--if you want my opinion I bet Trump makes a deal to split the cost so as to simultaneously keep mostly true to his promise while allowing the Mexican government an avenue to save face. Make it sound like a deal in mutual self-interest, yknow?

Trumps stance on marijuana is staunchly pro-medical, and tentative about recreational. IIRC he said something along the lines of "I have friends that medical marijuana has really helped, and I think it's worth looking into legalization." Something vaguely supportive but seasoned with a bit of political tact, you know the drill.

&gt;I'm still shocked at this conversation when I'm used to seeing the circlejerking in here.

Ha yeah, this is a truly weird place. Lotta smart people to be honest, but I think in a place like Reddit the intensity of niche opinions is necessary for sustainability. If everyone here were calm passive pussies, then it would be torn apart by the pre-existing narrative on reddit.
Mm, yeah we're definitely on the same page about him moving closer to center post nomination, or rather being more upfront about his already rather centrist views. He's definitely a calculating guy, but I do think he is actually behind the idea of a wall.

It's a bit cartoonish, isn't it? The idea of a wall he'll make Mexico pay for at first glance sounds, I mean, completely ridiculous. That being said, his plan does make sense to me. Basically, he points to the fact that we run about a 55 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico, and gives a figure that his wall will cost 10-12 billion dollars; so we therein have a lot of potential leverage with Mexico insofar as having the ability to threaten to cut off their immensely profitable trade deal with the US if they don't front a fifth of their profit to the wall.

Now, is 10 billion an accurate figure for the wall? Honestly I have no clue, and assume it would be a difficult thing to estimate. However, assuming his estimate is vaguely accurate, his plan of action seems plausible. 

As for a clear path to immigration, Trump has been a very strong supporter of it. He's alluded to his desire for a more streamlined way to legally enter the country to go hand-in-hand with his toughness on illegal immigration. I think, like you suggested, in his move to the center post-nomination this will be something he'll expand upon in the future.
I mean he's definitely posturing himself in such a way as to be appealing to the broad GOP voter, but I really don't think his rhetoric is at all racist in context, at worst it's concern pandering. Nothing he's said has been a generalization of a people insofar as race itself is concerned. 

His statement on illegal Mexican immigrants was merely an observation that those illegally immigrating are often not the cream of the crop individuals of their respective society. It wasn't a slight against Mexicans as a people, but on trends among illegal immigrants, who happen to be Mexican because that's the country we border. "Trump hates Mexicans!" is IMO a complete media fabrication that is predicated on people not actually hearing him speak in context.

His position on Muslim refugees is largely the same. He points out that most of the refugees are young males, originating from a country with rampant religious extremism, lacking full or even partial identification. He's of the mind that letting them in unrestricted is more risk than it's worth, which I personally don't believe to be motivated by some external hate for Muslims in general. This is a interesting argument of risk-reward morality--is it worth saving x lives for the chance of letting a terrorist in?--for which I think it's totally fair to disagree with Trump, but not under the premise that he's a pandering racist.
TL;DR "Goku was dealing with bullets as a kid when his power level was &lt;200  and now it's in the hundreds of millions so they're probably nbd."
Hillary's next.
*Important note: Do not actually investigate him thoroughly. Focus on headlines and out of context sound bites from biased news sources to smugly convince yourself you have a nuanced understanding of his politics and conclude he's a racist, sexist xenophobe. Make sure to be wholeheartedly confident in your newly formed opinion and pretend to others and yourself that you know what you're talking about by using big words like demagogue to cement the feeling that you have an intellectual basis for your position. 
For what it's worth, independent of an assessment of his credibility, Trump does not have the same position on all or even most of those issues except the Patriot Act and most NSA activity.

He called the TPP "a horrible deal". 

He frequently argues against the United States' involvement in the middle east and has done nothing to earn the title of war hawk, usually coming off distinctly anti-conflict, ISIS notwithstanding. 

The entirety of his low-tax plan is predicated on eliminating corporate loopholes and disincentivising corporate inversion to pay for middle class tax cuts. His position is to stop big business from circumventing the system by making the system less unattractive, which can be interpreted in a lot of ways but I would argue is not the traditional "pro big business" of under the table deals and beholdenness to lobbyists.

As far as private prisons go I'm not aware he has a public stance. 

He's anti ACA but pro mandate, his solution being to repeal the ACA and replace it with a regulated privatized system that does not prey on those with a pre-existing condition so as to make mandated private insurance feasible.

Say what you want about the validity and feasibility of Donald Trump's stances, but they are decidedly not the same as Clinton's.
It'd be generous to call the general election polls unreliable at this stage.  Without time for the juxtaposition of the two candidates to set in any poll results are borderline arbitrary.
Look man I'm not a fingers-in-my-ears Trump apologist, I've been joking for months about his inevitable crash and burn, but it's to the point where it's intellectually dishonest to ignore his chances. From my eyes you should be taking your own advice about repeating yourself hoping for it to be true. This isn't an ordinary election, the fact that he's gotten this far is almost unbelievable. Pundits have been continuously low-balling his ceiling for months, and "Okay, but even if he gets the ticket, there's no way..." is the next step for those who have been wrong every time.
Yeah that's totally fair if that's where you stand, I can't stretch the truth to tell you he's a liberal in that regard. That said, the Democrat/Republican line of foreign policy is a lot less clear than you might imagine. Clinton has a quite disconcerting track record in the middle east and comes off rather more hawkish than Trump. Sanders is a liberal through and through although one might argue his approach to foreign policy is somewhat tone-deaf given its incompatibility with the extremism of other parts of the world.
The momentum shift has already started. "You know he's not really so bad..." comments are creeping up in more and more places with more and more support. With the wind blowing away from Sanders' odds, the next man up for the reddit majority is the only other non-establishment choice. 
Honestly three months ago I'd have said the same thing with 100% confidence, but if you still think he has no chance then you're just not paying attention. 

HRC is among the most beatable candidates the democrats have ever put forth and Trump is at his best against weak equivocating career politicians. She's almost certainly getting the ticket over Sanders thanks to the logistical backing of the DNC, and if her conservative analogue Jeb Bush is any indication, Trump will eviscerate her weakly supported faux-inspiring motif on day one. 

He panders and he lies just like the rest of them, but he's not as weak, spineless, or uninspiring. Juxtaposed next to Clinton, to pretend he has no chance is ludicrous. 
That's pretty much all domestic policy pertaining to minorities, which I'll agree is definitely pandering to the GOP base. His actual foreign policy is starkly more moderate than Rubio or Cruz. Work with Russia, neutrality in Israel, disengagement of middle eastern affairs that have been shown to lead to fruitless destabilization, etc

His wall schtick is just a free way to get the whole country talking about him. He's being so provocative to get an all expense paid advertising campaign. Make no mistake, while Trump is no moderate, his actual views are much closer to center than the other two frontrunners.
Yeah, it's usually used in reference to a maymay from /r9k/ on 4chan as the favorite food of autistic socially maligned 20-somethings living with their mommy who buy them tendies if they're good boys. 

It made total sense to me, but now that I've typed it out...
Very neat, I'd honestly have never guessed, my bad.
It's been edited. I mean no disrespect in my inquiry--a subreddit is allowed to have whatever rules they desire--but I gotta know: has anyone actually ever gotten offended at the use of the word dick as it pertains to gender or y'all just covering your bases to avoid confusion? Never really associated a gender with its use as an insult, my apologies for breaking the rules.
I was just bringing in a source because it was asked for and the guy wasn't offering one.

Insofar as to your point about relative cost, I do not have a nuanced understanding of potential US cost-cutting initiatives or where the best place is to begin in that regard, however $200 billion is far from a trivial expenditure. Federal revenue is only about $3 trillion and you'd probably be hard pressed to find technically wholly erasable costs comprising nearly 1/15th of the budget in too many places, it's nearly half the annual deficit.
If it's any consolation, it seems like more of a fucked up manifestation of a reluctance fetish than it is actually inspired by rape. Pretty weird place.
http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/obesity-prevention-source/obesity-consequences/economic/

Here ya go. In short, the estimate for obesity related costs in the healthcare budget come out to about $200 billion. 
Agreed, actually. I've never seen reviews of the show and I'm kinda shocked this is the only comment I see that aligns with my opinion. I think the only reason I got through Coven was because of how hot Emma Roberts is.
