I'm using it and I like it quite a bit, especially some of the robes and armours it adds. In my case I haven't gone all out retexturing things, so all of the clothes match nicely with the vanilla ones. I chose the option to have everything craftable and distributed to NPCs and it worked just fine without adding it to the bashed patch. You should be fine using it in an existing save, but I don't think NPCs will wear the clothes if you do (I can't be 100% sure though since I've never tried it).
My Nock to Tip issue has been solved thanks to the help of /u/Skadisketchy
Ha! You lead me right to it! So it turns out Nock to Tip stores its merchant info in a damned esm file way up at the top of the load order! That's why I never saw any errors when I was going through all the other mods. It turns out it was Craft and Buy Bolts overriding it. All patched now, thank you very much for the help.
Ah, of course, because it would be editing the vendor chest right? I will check that shortly and report back.
All of those items appeared on dead bandits, however whenever I visited a fletcher they would either have no misc items at all or a single lockpick. The restringing/fletching benches did appear as they are supposed to (also those two bows in the cases in Solitude).
The questions you're asking makes sense. What I did was make a character, and then have them do the alternate start in an inn (I tried both Solitude and Whiterun). I would then keep reloading that save in the inn and run over to the fletchers each time I tried modifying something.

I suppose it is possible that it could be somehow a level or a chance thing, but it seems unlikely given the number of times I tried at various different levels. At the very least, it seems like I would see others mentioning it if that were the case.
I've tried a few times at level 1, a few at about 30, and a few at about 50. I was wondering if it was a level thing so I tried a few different characters and set their level in the console.
Thank you for responding, but yes I did run FNIS.
If you're interested, Disparity lets you choose your character's starting spells including the option for none at all.
I have a couple questions regarding the way animation replacers work:

* I’ve been using XPMS, but the general consensus is that XPMSE is superior. However, when I tried switching to it all of the modifications other mods have made to allow bows to look correct when used by female characters are overridden (namely the hand to bowstring fix from Pretty Combat Animations and the arrow length fix from some archery mod). Does anyone have a suggestion on how to fix this?

* If I want to use Archery Gameplay Overhaul without it’s animations, is the solution as simple as deleting the animation files out of it’s file tree? Or will the game still be looking for those deleted files? I'm asking this because I've overridden most of it's animations with other mods, but there are a couple annoying artifacts (arrow occasionally attached to hand, and the backing up animation is retained from AGO).

Well, after playing for a bit I've hit upon a completely unrelated question. For some reason the items added by Nock to Tip are not appearing in the two archery shops. I've manually added the mod to my leveled list patch, just to be safe, and I've looked it all over in TESV Edit, but I can't see that anything is wrong. The items are appearing on bandits I've killed, which only leaves me more confused as to why the two shopkeepers don't have them. Does anyone have any suggestions I might not have thought of?
That guide was what I used to set up enblocal.ini originally. Apparently having ExpandSystemMemoryX64=true is what interferes.

Now that I'm back home at my computer I've realized that the second guide you linked there is much more in depth than the first (which is the one I had used). It does say to set the expandsystemmemory to false, as well as a few other things that the other guide hadn't mentioned. Hopefully it ends up making the difference.
I'm jumping in because I seem to have the same sort of thing as Rook_Master. Just about a 50% of crash on new game but otherwise fine. However, I just tried adding in ETaC and I'm getting more frequent CTDs as I approach the cells with cities in them. This makes me pretty sure that the root cause must be a memory issue. I do have the memory patch (followed the beginner's set-up guide closely), but I've read in a couple places that one of the settings in the ENB enblocal.ini can interfere with the patch. Can anyone confirm or weigh in on that?
I can't imagine the problem is Windows 10. I'm playing it just fine on it. This may not be the most helpful advice, but I was having problems getting it to work initially and the problem ended up being a corrupted/interrupted download. When I verified the steam cache it revealed I was missing 5 gigs of files. I hope your problem is something as simple as that.
Ah damn, realized I hadn't yet verified the cache. Looks like I'm missing some files. I'll leave this up as a reminder to check the obvious first in case anyone is searching with the same problem.
I considered both, but being able to choose one over the other keeps the mod list small which is always a plus for me.
I really like Skytest as well. For a little while I was going back and forth between it and Immersive Creatures for my animal mod, but I've finally decided I like Skytest the best. Having smarter, more fleshed out vanilla creatures with better AI suits me better than adding a ton of new creatures that didn't really act any differently.
Go to /r/skyrimmods and check out their sidebar. Among the helpful links is a great, in-depth beginners guide. A month ago I had never modded a game before, but between following that and searching the sub for any bugs I found I've built a stable mod list with very little trouble. If you aren't sure exactly what mods you want they also have a ton of "Best Mods for _" threads, or you can just look for a thread where someone has posted their list and see if anything they chose looks good. 
Join the rewatch and find out!
You should crosspost over at /r/gunime
Thanks for the help, seems like that motherboard would be a solid choice and the savings would go towards the better PSU.
Good call on the RAM. Would there be any potential limitations going with the Micro ATX motherboard? Just so I understand completely, you definitely think that it's worth the $50 or so to upgrade the power supply? I don't know much about them other than making sure they exceed the builds power needs by a comfortable margin. I'll definitely keep that monitor in mind.
Awesome, thanks for the help.
Yeah, it seems to be 802.11n. It's an older router and I will probably be replacing it later this year. Would I need to get a new wireless card at that time, or could I get one that will work both now and later?
Would you mind breaking down the changes you made? A lot of them are a price difference of a few dollars so I want to understand why you would go with one versus another. For example the 4460 is very close in price to the 4590 (in fact Newegg has the 4590 cheaper), so what would be the deciding factor? As for the big money saver of the monitor, unfortunately I'm pretty set on wanting something at least 25".
Unfortunately it looks like mine is 802.11. Thanks though, I'll keep that one bookmarked for whenever I upgrade my router.
