and yet now he's probably done with the Democratic party for good. Think the GOP will want him back?
so.. to Jeb Bush?
well yeah but he's not obligated to accept a Cabinet position.

Well, if he ever ended up in the Cabinet it would be Labor, or maybe Treasury. But I don't know that he would ever give up his Senate seat for one of those. 

Unless you are VP or Sec of State then a cabinet post seems to be a demotion. 
Has Sanders not done a good job at drawing in left-wing independents to his campaign so far? Granted, they are mostly white  but the black and hispanic votes are not really in doubt for the Democrats. Hillary can draw in more moderate independents, especially if she gets to go against Trump. 

Which is an excellent political move, as it endears her to the liberal base while simultaneously presenting Sanders as a supporter, not a leader. Maybe she would, and I hope that she would take a true progressive as a running mate regardless of who he or she is, but this doesn't really answer anything. 

wait when did she ever indicate that she would want Bernie as a VP?

Do you ever have contact with your father anymore?

Who raised you after he was arrested?

Fewer. Fewer teeth. 
sometimes when a member of Congress can't be at a vote, he will ask a member of the opposition to also abstain. The third missing vote is probably Marco Rubio, who has a record of truancy that would have gotten him arrested back in high school (misses 14.4% of votes). 
If the Rockefellers are anything like the Rothschilds then they will have a disturbing tendency to only marry within the clan. 

does that mean he is going to nationalize the pharmaceutical industry? 
Because she can't claim to be progressive on economic/fiscal issues. Nor does she want to, because then she might have to *gasp* propose new taxes.
Yes. And she has been a progressive on women's and children's issues. She has a consistent record there. And she is a very recent addition to the pro-LGBTQ crowd, which has also made some incredible steps forward in recent years. 

But by definition a 'progressive' advocates sweeping change. The kind of sweeping reforms she wanted have already occurred- so her campaign is just about keeping those rights in place. Of course, that still makes her "100 times better" than the GOP candidates, according to Bernie. 
and then stumping to get Michelle elected in a few years. 

I have altered the deal. Pray that I do not alter it any further. 

As is the case with many conquests, the long-term success of the Spanish invasion of Mexico was able to occur because of how well the conquistadors were able to co-opt local nobles, right from the start. 

The popular epic tale of Hernan Cortez begs the question of how a few hundred Spaniards conquered an empire of millions- and from Bernal Diaz de Castillo (one of Cortez's soldiers) to Paul Prescott (a prolific 19th century scholar) the superiority of Spanish arms, faith, and their incredible boldness was deemed a sufficient answer. Yet, the real key to victory was the coalition of indigenous peoples hostile to the Aztecs. The Spaniards were almost defeated by the independent Tlaxcala, before the Tlaxcala instead decided to make allies out of these strange, bearded men. As the war progressed, more indigenous groups, previously subjected by the Aztecs joined this coalition (Texcoco was likely the largest of these) and after a bloody siege, Tenochtitlan falls.

It may seem like I've gone off an a tangent here, but the point to all this is to explain why some local nobles were more likely to keep their status- those who helped the Spanish in the conquest held the most authority post-conquest. For example, groups of Tlaxcala warriors continued to follow various conquistadors as they spread to more distant parts of Mexico and Central America and often settled with the Spaniards as a foreign ruling elite over the local people.

This brings me to the next and likely most important point. The Spanish colonial empire was divided in two parts: the 'republica de españoles' and the 'republica de indios'. This meant that, in each settlement, there were essentially two distinct political entities, one composed of Spaniards and one composed of the local peoples, both of which had rights, privileges, and for the indigenous, labor requirements. Instead of labor, the Spaniards were expected to provide for military defense. The local nobles, so long as they remained loyal, thus could continue to lead their people, but now as subjects of the crown. 

Of course, as the original question anticipates, there is intermingling between these groups. Spanish-born ladies were highly valued as marriage partners by the conquistadors and their descendants, but there were far too few of them. So they married the daughters of indigenous nobles (but it was exceedingly rare that a local man would marry a Spanish woman). This had the dual effect of providing a partner but also strengthening bonds with the neighboring 'pueblo de indios.' As in Europe, marriages were used to cement alliances in Pre-Columbian Mexico, but the difference was that most indigenous societies had no problem with polygamy- thus the Spanish nobles either weakened themselves locally by only having one marriage tie, or weakened themselves in the eyes of the Church by having multiple wives. Both situations occurred, at least initially. 

Finally, a note on race, which was perceived in a completely different way than it is now. The division between the 'republica de indios' and 'republica de españoles' was not based on firm ethnic grounds, but rather on behavior. There came to exist a variety of terms for people of mixed ethnic background: meztizos, castizos, mulatos etc. but skin tone was far less important than dress, language, diet, and faith in creating a personal identity. Local nobles, or more likely the children of local nobles with Spaniards or even individuals of a less pure ancestry could participate the 'republica de españoles' if they could pass as 'Spanish,' on these cultural grounds. Or they could live in the 'republica de indios,' still potentially as a leader but of a distinct group, depending on their levels of assimilation.

My knowledge on this is mostly relegated to Mexico, so hopefully an Andean historian will come along and explain how it worked after the Inca empire fell. 

Some sources:
Seven Myths of the Spanish Conquest- Matthew Restall
The Body of the Conquistador- Rebecca Earle
Indian Conquistadors- Ed. Laura Matthew and Michel Oudijk
If only the War of 1812 had gone much worse. 

I'll have to try making empanadas with cinnamon like that- I'm a fan of the Tucuman-style carne cortada a cuchillo with onions as well, but olives are way more important to me than the eggs. No raisins, though! 

I can definitely find Alamos, but I don't think I've had it recently because my local wine shop has had Trapiche on sale pretty consistently (and their Oak Cask Red Blend is tough to beat for $8!). I had some Cafayate wine when I went there, but obviously not much of that gets exported to the US. If I ever see Benegas I'll make sure to pick some up!

thanks for the tips. 
What is your favorite type of empanada and where is your favorite place to eat them?

Also, and related, what is the best brand of malbec?
Free trade is great for consumers, really shitty for workers. Problem is that most Americans are both. 
I wouldn't mind if he tried for a second term again right about now. Guy eradicates the cancer in his own body, then the guinea worms in everyone else's. 

Carter 2016: "I will take the parasites out of Congress"
and saying that Hillary isn't a progressive isn't an attack, it's a way to distinguish himself from her- they have very different views on taxation, health care, campaign finance etc. She isn't a progressive because she is not in favor of sweeping changes on those issues. And that is a perfectly valid stance that resonates with a lot of voters. The confusion comes from Hillary's socially progressive stances- but this primary debate isn't really about social issues, because the two candidates agree on them.
 
... or he's just not 'progressive' on guns. Just because he doesn't advocate large scale changes on one issue doesn't take away from progressive stances on a host of other issues, advocating reforms above and beyond those desired by the mainstream democratic party. 

Both candidates are social progressives. They don't even need to debate gay rights or abortion rights because they have the same stances. But only one is a progressive on economic policy- I'm not saying that to be so is necessarily better, but if Bernie wants to distinguish himself from Hillary this is how he does it. 
he was a Louisiana elected official so I'm pretty sure that is in the job description. 
