I only visit this place when I'm hammered. You sound like 1. A martyr for Sanders 2. Someone obamacare should've cared about. Just go out for a nice walk. See where u end up
I'm really fucking drunk but please. Just wait another day. Make it a competiton. Against yourself. Look at the beggar on the street. Make friends with them. 
Mostly I feel the same. I know where you're coming from. How about you revel in destruction for a while? I'm down now, waiting for better times, and all I hope for is someone to hate me, which means someone acknowlidges my existence. 
Seeing them today in Malmö! Hope this ritual will be as awesome as the one in Lund a few years back!
She's intergender now and has a relationship with a quite pretty woman. But good for her! ^^
"He died doing what he loved the most, scorching and screaming from the pain of heat..."
Don't you mean "Undisclosed, The Desires"?
Don't let the weight of today or tomorrow bring you down, use it to deadlift yourself to new hights. Also, don't forget that extra carrot. You know what to do with it.
You will aspire to do good. But you should see what Hannah is up to. Also, if you haven't already booked a date with someone this thursday, you should. Can't stress how much Emma will live to regret that later on.
"Don't worry about Amanda, it's Hannah you should look out for."
Ja, om jag langar upp gräddfil och bokstavligen en kofot så kommer jag ju verkligen få byta butik från närmaste Ica till cellkompisens polares polare som nog kan smuggla in lite Plopp till mig för lite sexuella tjänster.
Använde självhjälpskassan så det blir ju ännu mer pinsamt då att behöva gå in igen direkt efter...
Inte så många butiker som har öppet strax innan 11 som säljer gräddfil...
But gay sex must be double rape then!
They were out of them when I wanted one. That's a lack of production if you ask me.
So forgetting to eat a semla on fettisdagen is happiness?
*and sloths, and carp, and anchovies, and orangutans, and breakfast cereals, and fruit bats...*
I think it is because he's been built up as a demon-esque (or just plain demon or evil) and when we see him come right at us while just looking at us. It's creepy as fuck just out of context but in context you don't really expect it and it just goes on and it's relly fucking horrifying.
Oh God yes. I mean, it's clearly about loving someone, in Chris' case it's probably Paltrow. But it's definately not a Christian theme.
Yeah, I never understood that the guy in the end was Deadpool. Especially with the laser eyes!
Don't forget Tangled and Brave aswell. They are a bit older but they still feature prominent female leads and are really frickin cool.
[Do you not?](http://i.imgur.com/KzPvhSn.gif)
The praise for Shrek don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming...
I love the "Home, home, where I wanted to go" part of Clocks but Speed of Sounds is more dynamic I find...
But why male models?
