What did you do with the crust that looks so good!
This guy always seems to genuine in his videos its always fun to watch even if I'm not gonna make half of the stuff I see.            
Made these just now! Great recipe, I threw in some Cheyenne pepper for giggles and turned out just how i like it. Thanks for the upload.
As A junior in college I've taken the basic intro to computer science classes as well as machine language and intro to data structures, and I'm fairly lost as to what topics would be a good idea for me to look into from all of these. If anyone could offer some insight I'd much appreciate it!
seconded. I need to know how to make this.
Probably none of them yet honestly.
Seeing them for the 3rd time in January, couldn't agree more!
Gooo San Diego!
Thanks a ton! Gonna try this soon.
How.
Anyone know the artist I really like the style.
Noodles#1633 NA server I don't have many people online to spectate/be spectated by. I like to deliberate and discuss plays of all ranks!
It doesn't mean idiots I can tell you that much lol.
Just saved this for timing, sorry if i caused any trouble
Sent payment
Paint. If it works it would be cool for a while
Midnight :) not even for the reason that would be expected out of most people...
Midnight is so cute lol. Ignoring  the obvious plot shes a neat character.
Yeah my main got slapped with a 2 week last night. I normally don't think that much of how pissed I get at people doing dumb things but when i looked at what I wrote it basically dawned on me that I was toxic as hell. Hopefully it works out that way for most of the people who get this.
I've played with the gangplank so often. Lol this is my elo and it makes me sad.
I dont think you can compare them, and especially not in this context. The stories of both manga are very different and the MCs are both very amazing and well developed in their own ways. Its like apples and oranges though, you just can't really try and call them the same and say one is better when they are VERY different.
I'm fairly tempted to put FLCL on here, but I kind of thought the manga had its own weird surreal charm and left me feeling basically the same as the anime.
God owning an old cat this makes me feel so hard.
Its basically super inconsistent with the manga so I don't even know if the animators know. Then again Hide is really quite mysterious.
Pretty sure that face was in fairy tail first though :P
