Ahh gotcha, I've never tried modding Bethesda games so I didn't realize it was mainly for quests.
With any luck they've taken note of the number of mods that require script extenders and added a lot of their functionality into the basic modding tools this time around.

Not to mention, with how many mods use script extenders, it makes me wonder just how bare-bones their scripting engine is in vanilla. 
Wtf where's the love for Uiharu down here!? Y'all have no taste!
No no you're all wrong its Non Non Biyori that's the "cute girls doing cute things" show!
As someone who grew up in the pacific northwest (Washington) I can confirm that the dialogue reminds me way too much of my highschool years. Our real life way of speaking was almost as bad as the first episodes.
I checked the definition on the FBI site as well (to verify the above article) and at no point does it state that the victim has to be the one being penetrated. The wording seems pretty intent on not defining the victim in the situation.
Holy crap dude, I heard about this game a long time ago and when I tried to find it later I simply couldn't at all! Thanks for reminding me of this so I can regret ever downloading it. (I mean, I spent 150 hours learning Hearts of Iron 3 so this can't be too bad, right? Right!?)
Named settlers can be touchy about being at assigned spots, but I never had any issue with my generic settlers in my main settlement (and I had all the rank 3 stores by the end of that characters playthrough)
Well that weapon caused me to put 5 points into the melee damage perk, so theres that lol. But I'm in my mid 40's and leveling is taking forever now...
I got a super sledge with that power, it was absurd. I only wished I was a stealth build.
I'm pretty sure its なにしましょうか。 It's the volitional form of Suru.
I suspect that enemy mines are supposed to disappear, but it's a bug that your own mines do too.
Quarries are a safe bet, caves too. (Quarries have like a shovel and something else in an X-shape as their logo I believe).
Yes, I assume it's an extension of the system that was used in Skyrim which would replace replace random bear encounters with wolves if the bear killed you. Just an anti-frustration mechanic. Though in this specific case, it also prevents you from loading and grabbing all the mines, which means if you want them you gotta be smart.
To be honest I completely ignored Red Rocket so I haven't seen that. I made my home in the Starlight Drive-In since it's large, pretty empty, and mostly flat.
Alternatively, wear a mining helmet. It will be replace your pipboy flashlight with the light from the bulb on the helmet. You can also upgrade it to customize the colors. 

I think its light goes farther than the Pip-Boy's, but at the cost of being focused rather than all around you.
If you craft a radio beacon (Power -&gt; Misc) and power it you can gain people over time.
If your house is 3*3 you can place a power conduit (the really small power piece) on the top-middle (outside) of your house, wire it to a power source, and it should power any ceiling lights you have. 

I need to do some more experimenting to see how power flows (if it does) beyond the adjacent tiles.
Im at like 95% right now after 30mins, it fluctuates and slows down periodically, so I believe it has to be the write-intensive part a few times.

*edit: done!!*
Mine was at 1h for the first five minutes then dropped to 20m as my disk-write speed tripled, it was probably doing something more index intensive at first then it moved into bulk files.

(Or something, I dunno I only pretend to know how computers work)
Well yeah I'm certain a female character would get Black Widow, but I'd like it if female characters could get Cherchez La Femme and for male characters to be able to get whatever their equivalent is.
Did they confirm that the INT or Idiot Savant bonuses can effect quest rewards? Cause if I had to guess I would've assumed neither of them do.
Dynamic weather would just mean that the weather changes over time. Considering they confirmed a number of non-loading screen houses, it's safe to assume they fixed the weird rain though.
It seems that theres going to be less roleplay opportunities with these perks, and there's also no same-sex variant of Lady Killer/Black Widow sadly, but oh well. There's still enough fun stuff in there that I'm not disappointed.

Those Charisma perks are actually more awesome than I was expecting, especially the CHA 10 perk. Turning enemies to my side by looking at them, yes please!

I'll probably focus on the weapon modding perks early on along with the perks for whatever weapon type I plan to specialize in.

Choo Choo, all abord the hype train!
If they made a new engine from scratch whatever game is first saddled with it would be content-starved due to the time spent on the engine, and as long as they target their upgrades in the right places upgrading it will be fine.

(Honest question, was Unreal ever rewritten from scratch or has it been iterated releases since the beginning?)
