Well at least your girlfriend said I taste delicious.
Honestly I don't like the odds for Caitlyn in this matchup(or in season 6 for this matter), especially against a good vayne main diamond and above. 

Trading wise: With the new masteries, Caitlyn's long rang AA single shot poke can be easily healed back up. With each poke, a good vayne will commit to trade damages with you. Your Q is easily dodged with vayne's Q and she just have to stand behind minions to avoid your E. You shoot like what 2/3 AA? Remember your attack speed was nerfed. Vayne on the other hand, has Q(AA buff), a W that does way more damage consistently than your passive, and a passive to match your range when you run. And vayne will get her 3 proc off, along with thunder lords. You will lose the trade guaranteed. 

1v1 cait vs vayne

Vayne wins every level of the game. She just has way more useful utility and less item dependence. Caitlyn might be able to go on par with vayne with full items but the curve is horrible if you fail your laning phase. Even if vayne does poorly in lane, she has greater chance of catching back up because of her kit's usefulness in the midgame. Caitlyn depends too much on flat out damage and crit to be useful from behind. 

How to win as Caitlyn

Get an aggressive support. Create a huge zone. Starve vayne from farm and exp. Poke support is great to do that. Catch/CC support is great to create a bigger lead. Thresh/blitz is fking fantastic with Caitlyn in this matchup. A good hook&gt;CC creates a great chance for you to lay down your traps and win the trade straight out. You get a lead, down her tower and push your other objectives immediately. You dilly dally, and you'll just give the advantage back to vayne. 

Ward ward ward. Save a pink for vayne's ult. 

Stick with your team. Vaynes in team fights usually play really risky for them to do damage because of their range. Now they're distracted by your DMP frontlines, you can now afford to AA her for free and hopefully get your crits off. 

When sieging turrets, try to ult vayne whenever you can. Get her low enough she won't be able to join in the fight. Get tower easily. 

Late game, with 70% crit chance you can now 1v1 vayne(T&amp;C apply). Get a pink for added advantage. Don't fight her in her minions. Kite her back so you can easily land your EQ&gt;hopefullyW and you win. Ult for finishing move. Oh, btw don't stand close to walls or prepare to flash her E. 

Note: People may not notice but your E is the actual killer in a lot of 1v1s. It gives you the range you need to deal damage when your opponents can't. And they have difficulties running out of range/chasing you down because of the slow. If you can land your E right where vayne's Q ends, you win. If she has QSS, you lose. 

Basically that's it. The changes has taken quite a toll on Caitlyn. Pity. If I were in this matchup I would ask for junglers help or pray that my support knows what he's doing. If not, just play farm and get to the late game where I can 1v1 vayne. 
Please get your suit tailored to fit your size. A cheaper G2K or even a Uniqlo dress shirt and pants can look like 200$ if it fits perfectly. Ask the tailor about your need to look "business professional". He will know what to do. 

But since it's for an internship, just long sleeved shirt, pants and dress shoes will do. Bring along a tie too just in case. Key to looking professional is fitting. 
.
Doesn't a lot of short films use a dramatic punchline? What's wrong with that?
How about the opening scene of reservoir dogs? Could use that as a guideline
Hi there. I'm still relatively new to screenwriting but I studied in the field of psychology. You might want to look up anything about attachment disorders. A lot of issues could surface in your protagonist's adult life. The most obvious would be trust issues- depression/social anxiety/aggressive behaviors etc. especially if he associates violence(his dad beating him) with solving his problems in life. He's definitely going to have trust issues. So I would not see him opening up to his girlfriend at all. 

But then again, if his "girlfriend" reminds him of his mother I don't see how he would choose to date her in the first place. That's my 5 cents on this. 
五五六六
Haha bait or not he cracks me up 
Do you not see the hypocrisy there?
Then toast has nothing to prove to you too
Would you rather marry your neighbor or marry the one you love? Accessibity to your school should be taken into account but should not be your biggest priority. What course are you most interested in learning? Do research on the courses, the relevant industries, job prospects, future studies etc. If your biggest interest is game design then compare between the different polys that offer the same course. 
Heh I 160 E div
Which intake bruh
True. 

 COPYRIGHT

All content included in or made available through any Amazon Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software is the property of Amazon or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.

(http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=508088)
Update: Solved. Kind of. Freezing has disappeared after BIOS updates. 
Easter eggs and references. I can't remember much but I do remember Longinus said about something happening in South America. 
Fair enough
Did you play far cry 4? There were hints to somewhere in South America.
That's true. I wouldn't recommend fighting cait with a poke sp, but that will Have to depend on your support as well. Most of the times all I do as trist is to push the wave into caits tower( trist passive OP). Cait will have to use her Q to push it back out and spend less time poking me. She will soon be low on mana. 

Opponent SP poking: 
Will have to depend on each scenario. 
Sometimes, the sp moves way out of position to poke and her ADC isn't there to back her up, same thing, drop E, AA a couple times on the SP, trade damage. If you see your sp not backing you up when u trade once with your lane opponents, then just play safe, stay out of poke range and shove your minions. 

Never use your E to shove a lane when your lane opponents are there. Good players take advantage of that. 

When my support lands a hook on whoever(ADC/SP), or my SP gets engaged onto, I would always aim for the ADC, drop E, and etc. coming out of trades. When your opponent is busy farming under turret, drop E onto their tower. Huge Great AOE damage,often can get max stacks on it since a turret doesn't run. 

The trick is knowing how to kite and switch targets in trades. You'll be more familiar when you focus on them as you play more games. 

Side note: since I always shove my lanes, I've grown accustomed to reacting to ganks knowing when my opponents are baiting for me to commit. Since I'm trist, I have my W. 
Youmuu ghost blade helps too. Start with an avarice blade. If you see your opponents stacking those armor, get a brutalizer. If they finished or are about to finish building their frozen heart, finish your youmu. If they aren't near getting a FH or getting some other item, get your statik shiv instead, delaying your brut shouldn't be a huge issue. And a LW . Rush that if you predict they're building shit tons of armor. 
I've been playing cait for the past 3 years and picked up trist in my climb back to diamond.  I can tell you: tristana is one of the best ADCs right now. Caitlyn early game is easy for tristana. This is how I would play in the matchup:

Playing as cait:
AA poke whenever I can in between Cs, focus more on farming, try to push trist into tower. Depending on my support, I wouldn't get too committed into a 2v2 fight unless trist is low, or when I have a BF sword over trist's pick axe.

Playing as trist: 
Skill order: EWEQER

At lvl3 power spike, I have the ability to deal more damage than Caitlyn in the same amount of time with max E stacks. She's AAing me? I'll just return the damage: drop E on cait, AA a few times, walk sidewalks/diagonally to dodge cait Q and back off to let the bomb do its thing. Don't step on cait traps. Don't get combo'd by cait EQ(you can wait for the skills to be on cd to engage) and I'll do way more damage. 

At lvl 6 power spike, I'll have even more damage than Caitlyn. Even when both ADCs have equal items(BF by lvl 6), trist does a lot more dmg than cait. Just don't get hit by cait Q. The secret to trist's R power spike is the AA reset with the ult which secures the kill. 

Tl;dr Cait's AA poking? Make her commit to a longer fight with your E. She can't do much in the long run. Did she miss her Q? Immediately drop your E and AA a few times. Always return damage. 

I have actually never seen a shaco start q at lvl1. It's always boxes at lvl 1 and they would start stacking them on one of the buffs. Boxes deal shit ton of damage so shaco clears the camp way faster than the opposing jungler. Add e lvl2 for invade = surprise first blood. 
Does anyone know where I can watch this movie online? There's no showing of this movie anywhere where I'm from. 
He did have to pay a price for it. 
