Congrats!  I'm actually due to go to my first confession soon - sometime between now and the Easter Vigil.  But I've been putting it off, mostly because I'm nervous I guess.  Any tips?  Pray for me!
I just noticed these yesterday - thought I was getting incredibly lucky attacking two blazes and a wither skeleton with no damage because they were admittedly at a weird angle.  But I think I agree that the game just glitched - they did seem a little frozen.  

The sound thing I've noticed intermittently.  It got better with the last update, but I do notice sound things once in a while.
Thank you so much!  This is a lot of really neat stuff.  Seems silly now to think I was asking a simple question with a simple answer.  The video was really neat and informative.  I'll definitely keep your book references in mind, although the excerpt was certainly good enough. This definitely helps me get a better sense of the story and the context. 
Am I missing something?  I've read that article a couple of times now, and while it's helpful, it doesn't say anything more detailed about "speaking with Moses and Elijah" - only about the location of the mountain.  Is there some phrase I should be noticing and not seeing?
Huh, neat!  I clearly have a lot to learn still.  I didn't know about Elijah being assumed into heaven.  The discussion of Moses being assumed is interesting to me though - I've never heard of this.  Is there some sort of official stance on this, or is the Church silent on this?  Also, this makes the Transfiguration even more interesting - if Elijah was already in heaven, seeing him on the mountain makes sense.  But as /u/gloriatibidomine said, it is believed to be their spirits that appeared on the mountain.  Are you saying that one or both have might have bodily appeared?

Thanks!  Lots of good stuff in there - it gives me a new way to appreciate the Transfiguration :)
Hmm.... I get that the Resurrection stretches for all time in the future, but how can it stretch back to the past?  If that was automatic, then Jesus wouldn't need to go save the righteous who died before him, right?  Also, I get that Mary was born without sin, but I don't see how it's immediately connected to this.  I get that God sanctified her, but  that's more to do with his birth and life mission, not directly related to his death, is it?
Thanks!  That helps.  The "spirits" and not physical bodies part was what I was looking for.  That makes more sense.
.... oh.  Oops.  Thanks for telling me - I guess I never thought about it.  I guess it's obvious I'm new at this, huh?  I'll go home and do that.  How will I know when it's done growing?  Will the garlic leave/flower be my clue?  Does it have to grow a certain height?  Sorry for all the questions, but thanks for the help!
Thanks!  Wait though, does that mean I should have split it up before planting it, or are you supposed to plant the whole thing at once like I did?  I'll be sure to check it when I get home tonight - thankfully it's above freezing, so I should be able to dig it out okay!
Well, if it is ovulation time, then it's likely you will be sexually excited, because that's your body going into "okay, we're ready to get this show going!" mode.  So, I always thought of them as one and the same.  This is the same reason they say to be careful of when you have sex, because that will override what your discharge would have normally been like otherwise.
This is true.  The situation was that the tile came up on the next round, and because I wasn't the starting player, I didn't get it.  I was able to and was going after it, but he beat me to it.  I had shipped all the goods for the 18 points, and ships were a plenty in our game.  So yeah, I guess that wasn't the only thing, but the whole game I was dwelling on that being the reason I lost.  None of the other tiles available with my die rolls were any good for my situation, and I think I got something from my turn, but certainly not the potential at 18 points.  
Completely agree.  Granted, I've only played twice (both 2 player games), but each time, the person with that tile won.  Each time it was worth 18 VPs, no one could stop it, and the score difference at the end of my last game was 34 - which means that tile alone determined the winner.
I actually made the King Arthur Flour recipe that they adapted for this one, and I see one noticeable difference.  This recipe has you boil the water, then add the baking soda.  I think if you do that, you lose water (after boiling, I'd expect you only get maybe 1.5 cups of water).  So if you add baking soda to that, I suspect that's what screws up the ratio and makes it taste like baking soda - you have a higher baking soda to water ratio than you're supposed to. 

If you boil the water first, *then* measure out 2 cups and add the baking soda (like I did), I think that might get rid of the problem.  That's what I did, and they came out perfect. 
Was just having problems with this.  While I think /u/Whateveryoumean101 is correct, if you right click on the windows icon for your start menu and go up to power options, you can toggle when the screen comes on and your password settings.
Oh, I didn't actually read the amazon link - I'm reading a library copy, so I didn't know that.  I could kind of see that I guess - it was described as a book that shows why Darwin isn't exactly right, and this intrigued me because I, like many, just kind of blindly assumed that Darwin was right.  Being a very logical and science-y Christian my whole life, my internal logic had always been "Yes, Darwin is correct - things evolved, and it was God who created the universe to behave this way".  God has always been the "why" and Darwin's theory was always the "how", so to speak.  

I had never heard any credible claims that disputed even so much as a little bit of Darwin's theory, so I'm reading it for the sake of balance and to learn more.

That said, I can see the book justifying "intelligent design", but I would add that the one thing that it *isn't* is Creationist.  So far, it has done nothing but blast Creationists (rightly so), but it also is doing a heavy bit of saying "Well, not so fast Darwinists - you don't get off that easy either".  So, that's what I mean when I say "objective" - it's looking at both extremes and calling them both wrong, and then (I hope) will explain more details about why they're wrong and how we might address those issues.
Yeah, picking up in the middle isn't going to make much sense.  It is very scientific and academic though - even being pretty academic and scientifically literate myself, there's a lot in there that's intense to read.  

And you're right - it's easy to pick on long dead scientists.  But in a way that's the point of the book.  It's so far seeming to me that it's trying to emphasize to the reader that no matter how great the scientist or the theory, it will always need to be refined when new advances and knowledge come along.  The book is exploring his take on his theory, the immediate consequences, and it fast forwarding to what we know now and seeing how the theory stands up.  In some cases it does, and in some cases it doesn't.  Again, I haven't finished it yet, but it does seem very scientific and objective and like one of the few books that's not trying to push an agenda.  Maybe get a copy from your local library and start reading it from the beginning if you're interested, but it certainly has a lot to say.
Least helpful comment ever, but I'm in the process of becoming Catholic and am "in the Catholic mindset" so to speak.  This topic came up in our RCIA class, and I was recommended a book to read.  I'm not super far in, but it is discussing exactly the point you bring up.  So in case you want to look into it, the book is [Darwin's Black Box](http://www.amazon.com/Darwins-Black-Box-Biochemical-Challenge/dp/0743290313/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1453132902&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=Darwin%27s+black+box).  So far, the premise is that Darwin got some things right, and some things wrong.  The basic idea is that everyone assumed the mechanics of evolution were in this big "black box" where stuff happened.  Well, now that science and technology have improved, we've been able to "crack open" the black box and see the inner workings (parts of a cell, microbiology, etc...) and those things now contradict what Darwin predicted.  It's a really interesting book, and I think you'd enjoy it.  

So, sorry it's not an answer to your question, but at least it's a place to start!
&gt; I'm not saying it's common, I am saying it's totally possible. 

Correct - my bad.  You're right.  I guess I wasn't thinking about people who have irregular cycles or extra long bleeding days.  So yes, it is possible.  I was going on averages and "normal".  Thanks for the correction.
Hmm... thanks for asking this.  This caught my eye because it's been something I just sort of accepted without thinking too much about it, and now that I'm thinking about it, it's a good question!  My gut instinct when I started thinking about it was Mark 10:9.  

The idea being that sex is good and holy and meant for joining together two people forever and creating a family.  So, once two people are joined together, they can not be separated - because God now sees them as one flesh.  If that's the case, then you can't do that until you are willing to spend the rest of your life committed to one person and "joined as one flesh" with them.

So, to address one of the points you made here - sex isn't immoral.  It was created by God and is good and holy.  What is immoral is abusing his creation and misusing the gift.  Hopefully that helps address your bigger questions.
I don't know how that's possible... your period is when your body is getting rid of *everything* - it's not sending out a new egg to get fertilized.  It's saying "mission failed" and resetting for the next try.

What *can* happen is that when you're fertile two weeks later, you can bleed a little as a sign that an egg has been released, but that's not period bleeding - it's a different process.
&gt; Most women aren't fertile during their period. 

This, except *no one* is fertile during their period.  On average, you're only fertile about 2 weeks after you start bleeding, so if you could convince someone to put in a tampon 2 weeks later, then yeah, I guess that could work.
Well, I started charting a few months before I started having sex so that way I could get see what it looked like on "normal" mode.  But I don't know that I can pinpoint a time where I suddenly felt comfortable - it definitely took longer than 3 months for me though.  I had a basic idea, and decided to be just extra cautious whenever I thought there was even a tiny chance because I wasn't really confident in what I was doing, even after over a year of doing it.  

Looking back at my old charts, I started in March 2012 (saved in Excel with lots of calculations and notes - I'm a data nut :-p).  I'd say I finally felt comfortable enough to confidently say "Today is definitely fertile" vs. "Today is definitely not fertile" in the past year.  I always had a rough idea after a few months in, but always had those "question mark days" I didn't trust until fairly recently.  

Feel free to ask me if you have any other questions - I'm happy to help if I can!
Yeah, more practice will help - and paying attention to the different types and when they show up will help too.  Also, I read somewhere that certain foods can increase/decrease mucous too.  Like extra vitamin A can create more mucous and certain medicines can prohibit you from making as much.  Maybe try looking into foods you regularly eat and see if you can find any information on that.  Good luck!
Hmm... can you tell the difference between different types of wet days?  Like, is it sometimes like "water wet" and sometimes like "mucus wet" or maybe something in the middle?  If there's a difference between "types" of wet, I would say that the "mucus/thick fluid wet" is how you can tell the fertile days.
