The state of New York isn't made up of just the city.
I just had another look and you're right, must of looked away at the wrong moment.
I just had another look and you're right, must of looked away at the wrong moment.
Did they just leave Gretel behind trapped in her rekt TSF?
I agree with what you're saying, but I still feel shit about it regardless of how I look at it. I have a lot of shit to sort out in general. Thank you for helping me. 
I hate lying, I wish I could of just told the truth, or better yet I just wasn't such a shit employee to begin with 
I learnt the basics from random lets plays and then just dove straight in. Next thing I knew steam was saying I've spent over 1200 hours playing ck2 (to be fair I've been playing it for almost 4 years now).
I'm calling the [winner now](https://i.imgur.com/Tdex7pZ.png)
The point I was trying to make is that the fact we have offencive names in of themselves isn't a problem, it depends on who you say it to and why.
Australians have offensive names for everyone, bogans, wogs, lebos, curries etc.. It depends on the individual saying it and the individual being addressed on wether there it is offensive. 

I can call my aboriginal mate all sorts of racist names (abo/petrol sniffer/black cunt etc.) and he'll laugh and rib me right back (bogan, houso, white dog etc.). If I said it to a random in the street id expect to get hit. 
The Marine Corp has its own jets but they are closer to the Navy's specs than what the Air Force uses.
How Australian society and the media in particular handles the drug debate is ridiculous. When someone died from taking a dodgy pill at a festival there was calls through out the media to ban music festivals all together. Suggestions for pill testing only resulted in accusations of promoting drug use.

Until the U.S ends its participation in the war on drugs there's no way Australia will move towards more progressive policies. 
Nah the only drink that comes in a bag is goon. 
Juicy Yuuji + Sachi ❤️
This picture is from Australia where games (and pretty much everything else) are more expensive.
The UK version was the original.
This is how wars start 
"Jandels" 

bloody New Zealanders 
I recently finished it myself. Now I'm trying to fill the void it's left by plunging into little busters. 
GnK is 50+ hours, still not long enough :(
That might of done more harm than good. The allies decided against assassinating hitler because they were worried that who ever replaced him would be a more competent leader.
He meant how the Iraqi fell for the radiation thing
All goods, but yeah I knew they obviously aren't NK spies. But it still seems very odd.
"their not does't work"??

The muv luv kickstarter was amazingly managed but it hasn't released its actual content yet, the prison architect KS also was great and has resulted in a great game.
