He doesn't know you're trans. Hinting isn't going to be enough. But I'd be pretty weirded out by the "sexy" remarks.
If you go to a public school and not a private Christian school, you can report her to the school district for this.
What in the world does "credit" even mean? Store credit? Some kind of nebulous IOU, like a bar tab that they might pay eventually?
I once tried in good faith for three days to answer some guy's questions about art theory. He ended the conversation by accusing me of wasting his time.
Trying to read this drama felt like having a series of small seizures.
That hair is AWESOME.
Looks like a grotesque/monster from a medieval manuscript. Anatomy was... not really well understood at the time.
Yes, but I think they were expecting the hidden thing to be in the background, not the design.
Cool b8 m8
Can confirm. =(
The only one who's a threat to others right now is your MIL. If you send him away, it should be to distance him from her.
1. It's not safe for anyone. It's pointless torture without a shred of scientific evidence to support it.

2. No, quite the opposite in fact. He's likely to be a target for abuse thanks to the attitudes of people like your MIL.

3. I would never inflict something so barbaric on my son.

4. She has no legal authority here. I understand that you're in a difficult position financially, but your family would be better off homeless than ripped apart by bigotry and child abuse. Yes, conversion therapy is child abuse.

5. Love your son and don't try to change him. Not only is it terrible parenting for you to try, it wouldn't work. It has never worked. The most anyone has ever "accomplished" (if we want to use such a positive word to describe what they've done) is to live a frustrated life of denial and abstinence.
I'm honestly way more entertained by the rope they're hanging themselves with. The longer they're allowed to sit on their thumbs, the more absurd their antics become and the more ridiculous their politics look to the general public.
Good idea. =)
That doesn't surprise me. A lot of what made her intolerable was the acting. She could have delivered the same lines a little differently and it would have been fine.
I really hated that character. I would get angry every time she survived something dangerous.
&gt; "If rape becomes legal under my proposal, a girl will protect her body in the same manner that she protects her purse and smartphone." 

I don't think he knows what "legal" means. Stealing a purse doesn't become more legal if it's easier to grab.
That alone is a serious red flag. I make it a policy never to work with a client whose payments depend on external factors like profit margins, because it means they haven't planned ahead and probably won't follow through on their promises.
I think /u/HarlanCedeno has the right idea. Give him an out. If he doesn't take the out, then you can turn him down outright.
Dragon Age: Inquisition has a very well-written FTM character. 
I recently had a folding comb confiscated because they called it a "weapon replica." This rule is supposed to apply to things like convincing airsoft replicas, not just anything vaguely weapon-shaped. The handle was black and silver, I guess that was too much for national security. 
Nobody expects vows of poverty out of anyone. Children of the rich are no more responsible for their circumstances than the children of the poor. They *are* responsible, however, for recognizing those advantages and keeping them in mind when judging others. A lot of public policy is written based on how we judge those below us on the economic ladder, so such attitudes are not inconsequential.
Is it actually watertight after the can's been opened?
I wouldn't. Regardless of the skills you might have learned as an aggressive seller (and some of these places will, indeed, teach you sales skills) most employers will interpret MLM's or pyramid schemes as evidence that you're gullible, unscrupulous, or just plain desperate. I would consider it worse than writing nothing. I'd treat the period of time the same way I'd treat unemployment, or a job I was fired from, and claim I spent it on some sort of independent education or freelancing.
Strictly speaking it's a multi-level marketing company (MLM), which is a pyramid scheme with a product. Pyramid schemes are designed to funnel money upward by forcing all  participants to pay money in order to become involved. In the case of a classic pyramid scheme this was done in the form of membership fees, but in an MLM this means buying bulk quantities of the product you must then resell to recover your investment. Most suckers never sell enough even to recover their original startup costs, but of they recruit more suckers they get a cut of the next guy's profits, which quickly becomes more profitable than actually selling this pile of junk product. And so it goes until the base of the pyramid burns through every desperate sucker in the area.
