I know kinda couch-multiplayer games are a dime a dozen now, what with Gangbeasts, etc. being a thing, but man if I don't really love this game. 

The mixed co-op yet competitive dynamic it creates for people sitting together on a couch is really interesting. 
I bet they booked McConaughey to play Jake. 
I like to think that's why Kanye is $53 million in debt. He'd get all hopped up on cocaine and buy a bunch of rare Neo Geo carts night after night. 
Turn on the slap machine. 
I'm glad to see that Gamespot/Giant Bomb, much like any real proper newsroom, has a big pile of dusty generally worthless-ass reels that are most likely unlabeled or in the wrong box. 
I wonder if the phone number in the game actually goes anywhere. 
HOT
HOT
SUPER
I think that I came to the personal realization recently that I really enjoy busy work games. I think my brain is broken. 
I take it back, this is the beginning of every geography-based James A. Michener book. 
So this is depressingly realistic Minecraft without the building. 
Last time it was Adele while the truck laid sadly on its side. 

[This time it was Gotye as it rammed through a stop sign.](http://i.imgur.com/jT3pXfZ.png) 
SINCE YOU BEEN GONE 
I've actually seen Song of the South and boooooy howdy is it a real tone-deaf thing to watch now-a-days. 

I remember someone at a conference I went to had done some research about the press coverage of the film back when it was first released, and even in 1946 some film critics were saying "Oh jeez, Disney, this may be a bit much." 
It's the same for me, although in a different manner, because of my union's Collective Bargaining Agreement. 

For me, we don't have overtime, we have "overload." I am contracted to teach nine credit hours per semester. So, if I decide to, I can teach more than that, either by picking up another class or being in charge of independent studies. If I do so, the CBA says I get paid the credit wage plus some because of the impact it creates on timing out my other courses. 

The problem in the gaming industry doesn't seem to be so much the existence of "crunch time." Crunch is probably something that is going to be inevitable in the creation process. What is lacking is a safety net where you can get paid fairly for the work put in during crunch. 
&gt; My advise to those who feel mistreated is to leave.

Which is an opinion to have, for sure. But I tend to think that another option should be: If enough people feel mistreated, band together, realize the value your labor has, and negotiate better terms. 
&gt; We pull a lot of overtime and it is rough work.

I would imagine that in your line of work, you get a higher paycheck from the increased billing you can do during that overtime, right? 
&gt;After reading the article I am left with the question so now what. 

Not be the flag-waving fire-breather that I probably can be about this topic, but I really don't think it's going to change unless people who work in development unionize. 

Until there's a union, there's never going to be equal weight for negotiating improvement. 
I'm sympathetic to the cause. 

I'm in a union, and I try to be as active as I can up to the point of collective bargaining (A process I am glad my dues goes toward but seems grueling). I also work in an industry -- higher education -- where there's a lot of flack from the outside in two directions. One side tends to say "Yo being a professor is a cushy job, why do you need a union/why are you complaining?" The other side will hoot and holler about how teachers unions kill education and need to be banned. 

Even from just some of the comments in the GB forums on this piece, where you get someone saying: 

&gt;There's a feeling I can't shake regarding labor concerns about the games industry and it's that you should be lucky that you're considered for that type of work at all. Maybe you should, cause for most people outside CA, toronto, NY etc don't have these types of opportunities to be working in air conditioning doing what they thought they loved to do. The poor and talentless don't have that. 

From everything I read, working in game development for larger companies kinda sucks, conditions wise. This column lays out the problems pretty well. And with SAG-AFTRA utilizing their power to move to strike, I think the answer for game development is clear -- they need an industry union. They need clear collective bargaining structures to set industry terms of agreement on hours and conditions. 

The more I read about Firewatch, the more I am thankful that people are taking a risk and making games like that -- compelling stories that make you want to interact with the process its giving you. It's a powerfully immersive thing when it is done right. 
I clicked on the first thumbnail picture and immediately cracked up. 
Oh I know. I pretty much only use it for academic purposes to rank one sight's estimated traffic over another, or to make a list. That's about all I can find use for it. 
Neko Atsume is the dumbest thing I've ever found myself really and thoroughly enjoying I think. 
Hahaha gamebutts.club is my favorite thing.
