O noze! I iz vry scare an said 4 u. Spooky zylofone muzak, eek! 
Was there a few months ago, it was pretty cool. Kind of hidden in a back corner of the museum, though.
As long as your current grade is higher than the minimum grade stipulation on the prereq (if there is one), you should be fine. 
There is also a Washington city bus which goes all the way into downtown, and I'm pretty sure it stops in Canonsburg. If you're in Dormont though, I'd bet the T suggestion would be better. 
IMMA FIRIN' MAH LAZER! 
I used to have one of these, they are very weighty and feel substantial in the hand, pretty nice. 
You guys should really look into monetizing the Yogpod with sponsorship if you haven't already. Direct sponsorship like that used in podcasts provides usually provides much more revenue per listen than views on Youtube.
Nice. 
rip toaster mic.
I'm a Gala man myself.
thank mr skeltal. i haev good bones and calcium, very much thank.
Yes. Use the connections you have.
A spun hematocrit. You draw the blood into a capillary tube, seal the end, and spin it down. This allows you to see if the plasma is lipemic or icteric. We do it when the MCHC is &gt;36.
I too got those funny warm feelings friend. What a magical day! 
Absolutely, podcasts can be very profitable. I've been listening to Cortex, where Myke and Grey allude to these favorable economics; you can make a lot more money per listen on a podcast than per view on YouTube. 
Haha, figures! I guess there isn't another one here after all. :(
It's good to see another trekkie in Pittsburgh! :)
Not a straight line in sight. Thank goodness for Google maps. All these hills! 
As someone who moved from Salt Lake to Pittsburgh, I totally agree. I do not miss Utah drivers. I do, however, miss roads wider than two lanes and speed limits over 55.
Me too. 
thank mr skeltal 
This is great. I'm always so happy when people do the right thing. Thanks for being a good example Amber! 
Oh man, seriously, that old mall is soooo sketch. And the "new" one is just really sad, feels like a ghost town in there. I don't know how any of those stores stay in business. 
wut.
Moved to Washington a year and a half ago, can confirm. I am very sad. 
