The lice episode somewhat implies it, but I think she had them all along... I've read volume 1 of the recent comics, but none of the older ones, and very little there outright implies it. Could be fanfiction / fan theory, could be stuff I haven't read.

Edit: Actually, I don't think there are older comics...
Did you just?

Also with the shift key.
Wasd movement, j is basic, k is special, l is strong, i jump, o airdodge, shift is running modifier. But since they recently took a axe to keyboard controls, it feels jerky. Used to be smoother, so you might just be feeling that.

Edit: Always have autorun on, btw.
But what will we do about 

[](/GreatDong)
Exactly. Rivals had a brilliant *feeling* to it. Gone. Plus, keyboard controls having disadvantages to controllers was never a problem, so I don't think this should have been either.
Try turning around during landing. You definitely walk after a fall with autorun on online. There's something rotten in the state of Denmark.
I don't know.
Ani f2p sub for "B - Chump"?
Definitely the school board. They're more horrifying of dictators than the Almighty Tallest.
Might help if we had a location and actual picture :/
"Wild chickens"
╰༼Ɵ͆ل͜Ɵ͆༽〜┣▇▇▇═──༼ຈل͜ຈ༽

Yeah, man, I'll have some.
Hilarious, as if the law had any bearing on drivers in Houston.
[lol i'm so original](http://imgur.com/SqqpFPd)
You technically will keep picking up things even when one tab is full, it's just that the autosorter will only pick up a type of  item you have room for. For instance, if your furniture tab is full, but your usable/crafting inventory isn't, you'll be able to pick up guns, but not chairs. You can, however, put stuff where it doesn't "belong" in your inventory.
Closing the game normally works for me :/
The murlocs have the best. Mine is Coldlight Oracle: 

They can see the future. In that future, both players draw more cards.
Spoooooooky.
Even the stuff you can craft with prism shards (or theoretically anyways) doesn't have the prism effect, but yeah, it'd be nice if there was a legit way of getting the effect in game.
Kinda?

Hit enter and type this.

/admin

/spawnitem prismrockrunes

/admin

I'm seeing some latency when I use the vehicles :/ And not when just blinking around the planet, strangely enough.

Edit: Oops, didn't see / comprehend unstable. My problems are in stable.
I never really looked into changing it XD The layout is nice as is.
Here, there are safes. Here, they are free with the purchase of another safe.
MATE THERE'S NO SHAME IN THE SQUELCH.
I get what you're saying, but there were much better paths to recovery Zetter could've taken in the clip. It isn't without counterplay, even in this context. Recovering low, an airdodge after he started charging it to outwait it, etc.
ζ༼Ɵ͆ل͜Ɵ͆༽ᶘ I gotta admit, I love moderini-st poetry. 
