Guhh *shudder*
They are accepting donations! At this stage it is only donations through the  foundation they are sponsored by, which can be found [here.] (https://parsemusfoundation.secure.nonprofitsoapbox.com/donate)

It seems that they're saving actual crowdfunding for the clinical human trials, since they think more people would be willing to donate when it's in the end stages of development.
Too cute!
That third eye is so well drawn!
Wax is made from the plant, basically just hardened resin that is mostly THC. Instead of a bowl in your bong you place a metal nail (pretty much a metal cap with a hole in the middle). There are also special rigs just for dabs that are usually much smaller than a big ol bong. 

You smoke a dab by heating up the metal until red hot, then drop a dab of wax onto the metal as you draw from the bong. The wax will vaporize on contact and be sucked down into the small hole and through the bong.

Dabs often taste much less smokey than bud and the high hits you like a truck, one dab can leave even a regular smoker satisfied for the night. 


Another way to dab is to get modified vape pen cartriges with the THC resin in oil form instead of wax.
He's meeting all my standards!!
Yes I understand, i don't actually blame them for the charges since they're pretty clearly stated when you open the account. I myself have never had to pay the fees. I was just trying to explain that yes these charges exist in American banks.
Yes. I get a fee when my balance drops below $25 in my checking account for more than a few days. I think that's the lowest amount they will let you have at BofA for any account. I believe my savings begins to incur fees at less than $200.
QOWP

[You joke but they do make ditto plushies of other pokemon.](http://41.media.tumblr.com/7c51c56dfe3aced674f019cb85dd12c5/tumblr_memme8pxnU1r5rysxo1_500.jpg)
Hnnng those water textures!
I mean the left hand on piano is normally for the chords and not so much for the melody so normally you only use 3 fingers anyway (thumb, middle, pinky). She probably just substituted her index finger for added dexterity instead of sticking with the middle finger for the mid notes.
This is so rad.
I realize that her message was not in line with the purpose of the gathering and perhaps she misunderstood what speakers would be expected to say. 

However, the fact remains that she was dismissed despite the fact that she was indeed describing an event that made her feel unsafe and which she clearly felt supported the need for a safe space on campus. The reactions to her slightly off-topic story were much more dismissive than seemed warranted and definitely came off as hostile towards the end. 

A more appropriate and tactful response would have been "Thank you for your story we appreciate you sharing. We will now be moving away from anecdotes and focus on the demands we wish to put forward to the administration."
When I learned the pledge of allegiance I came home from school and told my parents I'd learned a new prayer. They were interested and a bit confused (I went to public school) but said I could say it before bed that night if I wanted to. 

I still remember how hard they were trying not to laugh while explaining the difference between a prayer and a pledge.
Context is very important. 

I would be very uncomfortable with my SO regularly going to a strip club alone with the intent of getting a lap dance from a specific girl. Getting a lap dance at a bachelor party/night out with the guys/on a night out together/randomly to blow off steam? Totally fine, it's all in good fun. But having a regular girl he goes to on his own all the time? way different. 

Same with a person online who does cam services. It'd be fun to do it together for fun or if he randomly picked a girl when he did it/ only did it occasionally, but if it came to the point where he's a regular customer of a specific person and is forming an attachment? I'd be a little upset.
Dude college was the epitome of bullshit assignments done at the last second for most of my friends. 


Not me though.. I'm slow as fuck...
Its a guarantee you WON'T get into heaven.
Nah mine only has like 4 dry dorms for the freshman. Some events even provide alcohol for the students and we are gonna get a pub on campus soon.
You're damn right I do
Or a reference.
Dude...
So good! You managed to capture his face very well!
Define terms please, I had never heard of a crib sheet before. Also, is "college" considered secondary education or post-secondary? Not sure where the country of origin is for this survey.
She probably has a few threads going on and responded to the wrong one.
