There is a branch of the progressive movement that is heading that way, because it is tired of spending our money to kill other people instead of using it to help others and ourselves.
I voted for Bernie in the primary, and I plan to vote for him in the general. My complaint with hilary is that she is nothing; she is just the status quo.
And what if we want to get out of it too? What if we're tired of playing world police and destroying human rights and funneling money into bombs that could go into our own schools?
TOO SPOOPY CANT HANDLE
To repeat what everyone else is saying, I'd much rather have a fixed price than not knowing if I tipped too much or little. 
...I don't hate this idea
...I'm seeing way more local players on here than I realized
Well, you tried
"It's terrible", they opined, "Play 'other pet deck' instead!" without providing a modicum of reasoning, evidence, or context.
I love you
Could I very please ask you for two? I bought my girlfriend and I OR/AS for our anniversary and didn't expect them to run out :/
Hey, I know this is a long shot, but I got my girlfriend AS for her birthday, but all of the gamestop's were out of the code. Any change you still have one or two?
Dammit, that doesn't leave that many places...
I don't get why this is always the first response. It's not like the MtG subreddit is just crowded with quality content and this is pushing something better off the page. We are still a niche hobby, and the subreddit is even more niche. Why split the party even more??

Upvoting for typo
Going off of their analogy with early access, I think the point is to only buy if the content *currently* offered is worth it to you
Yeah but, why?
I mean it works for the US economy, so...

/s?
I swear that you were in one of my German classes.
Specifically Avacyn's Collar
Which werewolves hate
I don't know, it's definitely better than [[Uncovered Clues]], but I don't think it's better enough that I'm in a hurry to make a spot for it
Specifically Avacyn's Collar
I'm not broken up over the discontinuation, but I wish that they had previously said something official. Wizards is just not good at communicating
Taking a break and moving my good lands back into my EDH decks
