I wish I could could upvote more.... god damn you Quinn.


1000
Can I join? pat2007 is my IGN :P

I would like to read this post but I cant because this subreddit is messed up.
Edit: Fixed!
I may be the only one thinking this, but I personally think this blueprint http://i.imgur.com/8hT07DA.png (part of the story of TTR) is telling of a new DNA change feature...
Mr. Dragon, it appears no matter what, you will get downvoted. Everyone help upvote!
Good ol sharky, always advertising -pat2007
TESTTTTTTT
Swallows as well I assume? 
Yes! First we make a map with the correct path, then have a few plots as markers (if we can obtain them) and finally have people handing out checkpoints out to people that passed which would be turned in at the end to know you went the right way! Or you could do a reindeer run, a few plots next to each other with a parkour race in them. And ofc as phire said, you would have to be dressed as a reindeer.
Your district isnt the only one...
Woo! I sure hope this is going to help make the subreddit alot more fun! :)
Ridiculous? I put in tye text stating that I didnt have a better word. And I checked to see whether or not you had a lot of quality posts in other subreddits . Also, Downvoting is for things that are not relevant... like your post.

Edit: Also, would you like to give a better word instead of just criticizing it?
Gotta love how I get downvoted for no reason, yet this person gets upvoted for saying "oh".... also gotta love how it is their first post in this subreddit...
Alright, time for a possible rant.
  Hello, I am a member of the reddit. For the past few months I have been a lurker, but I have seen all the warrior cat threads pop up. Personally I love the series but can not roleplay it for the life of me. There is my background, now to get to all your arguments of why they should get banned and why most of them are false.
  
  "OH MY GOD TIPPY THEY LAG THE SERVERS SO MUCH" 

  Just.... no. Joey has, in this post may I add, stated sitting around and talking in Acorn Acres does little to nothing to the server, whether it is 1 or 20 cats.

  "OH TIPPY BUT THEYRE IN WAY TOO POPULATED AREAS, WHATEVER WILL WE DO??!?!"

  Why do you guys even bring this up? Please tell me, when was the last time you went to Acorn Acres other than toonfest? Whats that some of you say? BEANFESTS?!?!? Thanks for leading to my next point.

  "OH BUT MR. SQUASH N POOF THEY ARENT IN THE GAME FOR WHAT IT WAS MADE FOR!!!!!!!!!1!1!111one" 

  This has to be the silliest one I have heard. Beanfests, first of all, are not entirely supposed to be in the game unless someone can prove me wrong with a statement from disney. What were bean unites for then? I believe they were made for if you needed a few beans at the gag shop, wanted a few beans for the cattlelog, or to give a bit to a friend. According to this logic, all game mods need to be gotten rid of because that is not how the game was made to be played. One last reason, which seems to be the best argument, but still not a reason to ban them is...

  "ERMAHGERD THAT CAT OVER THERE JUST WHISPERED ME SAYING meow you OMG JUST BAN HAMMER THEM ALREADYYYYY!!?!!!!!!!!!!one!one!!!!11"

  Oh my god they're being rude to you? Well I guess some people haven't checked another toons profile out lately. Do you see that button called "Ignore"? Believe it or not, that is supposed to make them silent on your client! Whats that? It doesn't work? It also gives you some reasonable choices to do first! Change districts or something else.... (typing before classes on an iPad, cant check the game). One last thing you could do is check the rules... something a LOT of toons don't understand apparently... After doing that, if you re-check the toon profile, you will see that there is a report button! Press that and report them for being rude/mean. 

  I'm sorry everyone who hates them but this all is just you guys pretty much saying you are better than the RPers, and they should not exist because you are not like them. I hate to say it, but this is pretty much a form of racism (for lack of a better word). If anyone can prove any of those things wrong or can give a different reason, go ahead. I will not reply to it until like 8 hours as I have some stuff I have to do.
/end rant?

Also, I expect this post to get hate poured on with a flaming cherry on top as most of the TT reddit community will act like this post means nothing and I am dumb.

tl;dr All your reasons for banning the warrior cat role players are non existent, and you should prove me wrong or tell me a new reason.

edit: Put in saying I know I will get hate if people see this.

Name: Burger Kang
Location: x125 z-515
IGN: pat2007
Ah I see, all is well then!
Hopefully he did! No need being angry now though.
Yeah as Joey said, Trolley Tracks every Thursday (I guess xD)
I also realize I should have put the Rewritten bar by the title :P. I'm not that good with reddit...
Was doing trolley tracks with a bear named Desmond, and we both hit ready. It continued to wait for players until it went to the JB award screen and gave us both one. It then decided to bring us to the Minigame Template xD. I have no idea what happened :P
Why do 50 laffers with level 5 throw and squirt exist.

Does that seem rude to you? It should along with the title. :P

Anyways, it's a 2 gag uber! They just want a little extra challenge and achievement in their game. For example, maxing out your sellbot suit as a 15 or 16 laff toon. Or if you are like me, you're an uber because your main toon's gags suck a ton and decided to reset and get good gags xD
The only reason I play ttr over tti is because when I first found out about these toontown servers A) TTR looked better set up with all its news updates and B) TTI was WAY WAY WAYYYY too laggy. It was almost unplayable. Also the start up texture for TTI was bugged for me, the spots where you needed to click the button to play or whatever was to far right. Anyways that's why I play TTR over TTI. I haven't tried TTI since the lag was fixed since I got a beta key on TTR :P
The problem I would have with this is that you could easily curse to others even more easily than it is currently in the public chat. Just saying a few words together would be a curse word which is also quite possible right now. All this does is give people easier access to swearing to others. I'm sorry but this wouldn't work :P
I wish I could could upvote more.... god damn you Quinn.


1000
