It does sound like her. I will try that to. (So much to try) I know it will probably take time. But it is worth it :) 
Barn sour, I have never heard that word. But I will totally look it up. Maybe if I ride past the gate on the way home. Jump of a few meters away? Do you think that could work? 

I think it is the same problem for me. I am not the leader that I should be. But i don´t get that anxious on her. I´m more anxious on the ground. I get more annoyed. 
But yeah, groundwork seems to be something that a lot of people has suggested, so I´m going to try that and I hope it works. 
thank you :) 
not be her enemy, but be her friend? I like that. I hope it will work. 
Yes, no pain or anything. So that is good :)
I have read a lot about it. But never tried it myself. What if I make it worse? 
stop riding when she spooks is something I have never done. I´m super stubborn and I don´t give up util she gets past the scary thing. And I rarely jump of. But I can admit to babying her with words. At least at the beginning. I probably should stop that. :/
Yes it sucks. But if that is what I have to do I´ll do it. I only want her to be better. For her own sake. 
Do you have any tips for beginning again? Where should I start? I mean, you say 5 minutes. But she fusses as soon as she realize I want to ride out. 
Do you have any good ground work tips? 

I´ve tried to bend her towards it, but it only ends in her turning on a penny and trying to run away. But I will try the figure 8 thing. Getting her closer to the objects. And then standing there. Letting her relax. 

The last couple of times I have tried to give her candy when she walked without a fuss for about 5 minutes. She is only like that when we are riding away from home. On our way back, she acts fine. 

Thank you for your tips. 
DA4? what have I missed? 
probably :) I thought I read that you are 50 but it said 40 xD sorry ^^
Okeym do that. I hope it will work out for you. And dont be depressed for not loosibg that much. Ive bern going on with the 1200 calorie diet for two months now and lost 5 kg. And Im not a perfect student. Sometimes i eat more. Sometimes less. 
But its important to keep going and one day you will reach your goal. And if that takes two years. So be it. You still have half your lifetime left :) 
Maybe 1400 calories is too much? Your metabolsim gets lower with age. You can try lower to 1200 and try that for a while.
What about exercise? What do you drink? Do you have sauce with the dinner? Those things can realy ad to the calories in the end. 
What do you use to log what you eat? Do you have a kitchen scale? 
Using a program to log my food intake and a scale has been amazing for me. And a real eye opener. :) if you dont havet those I think They would be worth i try for you :)
Kittens are the best :)
http://i.imgur.com/sprPhoN.jpg
I hope you are right. I´m holding my thumbs for the future. Not only me but for everyone else to.
He has always been healthy before this. He is the kind of person, when he is sick, he is not sick at all. And he work outside alot building boats, so he is good health from the beginning. I hope that is posetive things :)
I´m trying. But its hard not to think about the bad things. But I supose you are right and I should not spend time on internet looking this things up. It only gives me nightmares. 
Thank you so much for your advice. I really needed that. And I will try to stay posetive. 
Yeah. I know hos you feel. Yesterday I ate a handfull of peanuts. Thinking that it wasnt that many calories. I then logged it... Wow was I suprised. But today Im hoing to do better and I have learned to always log before eating. That way you are not in for a big suprise. And whn you see the calories that is in something. You dont want to eat it anymore :) 
I´m also a student. And I used to over eat alot. Even if I was sure I didnt. Then I bought a food scale. Nothing expencive. I payed 10 euro for it. That has changed my life.
Do you have a second hand near you? I dont know how it is where you live, but here they sell those kind of ithems realy cheep. :) 
You look great. :) Good luck on the rest of your jurney. Im only at the begining of mine.  But I hope I will have the will power that you have :)
http://i.imgur.com/noVTG1e.png?1
Some enviromental concepts I´ve been working on today. There is about eight of them :)
Good job and good luck ^^
take a look at microwave dinners. There is suprisingly much you can make in a microwave. :) 
I wish I had bought a food scale from the beginning. 100 g is so much less then I thiught it would be. 
Damn. Good work :)
There is a mod that will help with story progression. Look at modthesims. I dont know the name but the picture is of a computer table. Its almost like nraas :) just remember to read the instruktions ^^
