Wooo! Firing squad making a comeback.
"Influenced" is such a vague term. GTA influenced me a great deal because it was the first game that made me appreciate good storytelling in videogames, and has informed my musical tastes somewhat. But I have a feeling you don't mean it that way.

And how can you be "more real" than "real"?
I grew up in Cottonwood Heights and felt no serious religious pressure, but my Sandy friends experienced some push back. That might be the Mason-Dixon line.
I'm listening to that today. It's weird to be an hour into a record, then to look over and see that you're on track 5 out of 17.

Pretty goddamn amazing though.
Jim Norton had a pretty cool show on Vice. I hope that comes back.
Found it after some basic searches:

http://www.rdio.com/artist/Face_To_Face_3/

Sad that they didn't even get the number 2 spot on rdio.
Wow, great song. I'd never heard of it. Where'd you find it?

I google Face to Face and I get a 90's pop punk band.
What was this scene? I googled Cooper and it just says he was in the Night's Watch.
Good point. Creators should care less about their ability to be good salesmen and rally funds from strangers and more about being good creators. Sales is just a necessary evil so you can create.
[The fact that so many books still name the Beatles "the greatest or most significant or most influential" rock band ever only tells you how far rock music still is from becoming a serious art.](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/piero-scaruffi-beatles-commentary)
&gt; can I come to?

How are you typing if you're unconscious?
Cruzrs is alright, pretty supportive crowd, decent drink prices. Very busy though, so sign up early.
We may not like their philosophy, but when the night grows long and the battalions start to run thin, the ronin will help sustain us until reinforcements arrive. We are glad to have them.
You can now edit your previous responses to see the updated results
Is that just a splinter then?

What's the second picture of?

How'd it get in your milkshake?
Team Dawn here. Disappointed with the lack of follow up this season, but here's hoping for something in the next couple episodes.
I think 66 is my favorite of all time. 

Episodes 44 and 45 have a great energy because they're right after the tour and Harmon is actually pretty great at rapping by this point.
Okay, but then most of them are asked to Spencer, so that should be out of character anyway.
The assassin ploy is to sign up as Redguard watch squads late in the game and shirk their duties to allow the button to expire. 

This is why we must be ever vigilant. Redguard for life!
"Ummm... My village all just kind of switched over to Magran, so we don't need these any more."
It's Karl Pilkington. I assume this is from An Idiot Abroad, but I haven't seen this episode.
That guy is Craig Cackowski and he was really good on [Spontaneanation](http://www.earwolf.com/show/spontaneanation-with-paul-f-tompkins/) if you're interested in more of him.
Liars, liars all of you.
Most grays are future pressers.
Feel free to dislike her. I dislike her. The misogyny was saying that everyone hates her and nobody trusts her and she sleeps with producers to get her parts.
