It's 'oh wömön.'
White people are literally being raped by privilege. Stop victim blaming! 
I would feel bad if all the literature, music, science, and other cool stuff that humans have invented would never be experienced by anyone anymore. 
I don't know what you're talking about, but you're a dickbag for calling me a dickbag.

What about preserving cultures? Wouldn't it matter at all?
If you knew in advance that the situation I described would happen, and all people would die, would you care? 
The sjw posts (especially the morbid obesity acceptance posts) made their readers blind.
&gt;a light skinned person who reads as white 

&gt;they pronouns 

Words are offensive. You can't assume xe's a white woman. 
So you if you and your family were going to die in a car crash tomorrow, would you think it'd be OK if everyone else on the Earth died too, because the people who are important to you would be gone? 
Having so many oppression points and kintypes/headmates must make none of them feel so special anymore. 
People in Muslim countries get lashed or even executed for converting away from Islam or criticizing it, but I guess Muslims' feelings are the only thing that matters.
It's ridiculous that when muslims do something conservative, it's good, but when anyone else does it, it's bad. 
Public schools are private schools in Britain. 
\&gt;write an empowered, strong disabled character 

\&gt;get called a shitlord 

\&gt;write an empowered, strong female/gay/poc/[other oppressed group] character 

\&gt;get praised 

\&gt;write a weak disabled character 

\&gt;still a shitlord
I was speaking in the feminist language (which means the meaning of words changes if I make a mistake, so I'm always right). How dare you oppress me? 
I can say being trans requires having gender dysphoria, because real trans people said people who identity with their birth gender can join [the debate]. People who don't have gender dysphoria but claim they're trans don't get to define what is real trans. 
Tucute is actual cultural appropriation. 
&gt;White people are hated because of our skin color, our history, our image (good and bad), and the thought that we are somehow inferior as a race. 

&gt;Black people are hated because they have a large history of spreading things like Boko Haram, FGM, murdering albinos for their magical body parts, and curing AIDS by raping virgins. 

&gt;There is a huge difference.

Now it sounds racist. Every race has done something bad, but only the individuals who did it are responsible. If you only pick the worst parts, you can make a race sound like monsters. 
&gt;That book, called Native Tongue, was published in 1984.

How ironic. 
These people really hate responsibility. 
Alright. I don't understand autistic people. Autistic people are literally like aliens to me. We really have nothing in common. I don't think I'll be able to accommodate their needs, because they're so strange. Is this better? /s 
Even if bees had 54 genders, humans would still have 2.
&gt;Lapiskin 

Has she recently got a new kintype, or did she always have this?
The group that experiences the ultimate holy oppression^TM gets smaller and smaller every day.
\&gt;it'so wrong to assume that a disabled person can't do something without help 

but 

\&gt;it's wrong to assume that a fat person isn't fit 
The fatties who are getting mad at the ad aren't the ones who would buy a weightloss product anyway, because diets are oppression.
