Should be obvious by now that no, they can't.
I wouldnt use it around women, strangers or police, but as friendly banter with mates, sure.
The worst I ever get is an occasional dry throat, easily solved by drinking a glass of water during or after vaping. I need to drink more water anyway so that in itself is a good thing.
Oh my god this is *brilliant*. Its like reading an excerpt from classical 20th century American literature. If you can keep this going for 400 pages you'll have a best seller on your hands. BRAVO!
I write for fun when something inspires me.
You can get a GRC without surgery.
I have not taken mine off since I quit working in kitchens, 12 years ago. 
IF we leave the EU. But even the tories are split on that and with only one Kipper I don't think it will be likely.
Your link only links to the login page, not the survey.
We're unlikely to see any great increase in inflation or taxation. The pound will stay strong against foreign currencies.
Its a very old term and not Australian in origin, it was in common use in the UK in the 1970s.  The Daily Mail supports UKIP so no doubt they are using it in order to incite fear of immigrants.
Total opposite, my anxiety levels dropped to zero, and have pretty much stayed there ever since. Things that used to set me off panicking, now I'm just like "eh, whatever."  T has stabilised me enough that when something happens that would normally trigger me, I'm able to look at it more objectively, and find solutions instead of just having a panic attack.
I also find mens cargos too long for me but chino shorts usually run a bit shorter (and, bonus, they're allowed in my office in hot weather).
Tis true. Especially if you're into swimming.
I've tried a few STPs and no matter which one I use I can't seem to get them pointing far enough down to stop it all flowing out the back instead of the front.  It works if I'm naked but with pants on, I can't get them low enough to get the right angle.  How do you manage it?
Congrats!!!
Sandbox
I recognised one of those scenarios from an episode of M*A*S*H*:)
The only goal-driven groups I can think of are the various sports groups. Things like yacht racing, motorcycle racing, or team sports like hockey.  Sailing in SL is a huge thing.
Oh joy. The company I work for uses Whistl. Cue complaints of "Where's my stuff?" in 3... 2... 1...
No. Even British disabled people can't get the benefits and help they need.
Nude pics would definitely turn me off her.  Cartoons wouldn't bother me.
I think the whole point of the test is whether you know how to tell whether such an email is genuine or not.
Reddit in general skews towards young males, it is not a broad cross-section of the British population.
I am FTM (female to male) but moved out long before I started transition. There wasn't a connection between moving out and being trans.
