You're alright.
I don't know specifically what you mean. The video was about the wage gap, and all the facts were about the wage gap. What's the point he's missing?
I'm not downvoting you, but I'm curious on your position here. Where do you see the lack of access for women in any field? I've never seen any information about women being barred from certain occupations. Certainly, there is some mild social stigma attached to women in certain STEM fields, but this by no means constitutes a lack of access in any way. As far as I can tell, women can get exactly the same jobs as men if they follow the exact same steps and are willing to confront the social stigma. 

For the most part, when I see complaints in regards to women not having access in STEM fields, they are equating social stigma to a lack of access. Social stigma in this context is inconvenient, it might hurt your feelings, it might be difficult to deal with, and it certainly has no place in modern society. That said, social stigma doesn't disappear by people complaining about it. It's an ingrained part of society, and it only changes when changes exist within the societal structure, ie: women go into the STEM fields. If people are unwilling to enter these fields because they may face social discrimination, then these stigmas will never change. Confronting difficulty is the catalyst for change, not just expecting it.
Because all he did the entire video was cite reputable sources on the objective validity of claims about the wage gap and then offered a plausible hypothesis as to the remainder of the unexplained gap.

It's literally all facts, or theories supported by facts. What are you talking about?
Generally, time passes at it's slowest when your brain is constantly thinking about the time itself. For instance, when you're microwaving something, it feels like it takes forever, because you're counting every second, all of your brain is focused on how much time left there will be. Same with lines at the post office, waiting for the school bell to ring, most singular tasks that you don't want to be doing. 

Most of the time in the shower, however, your brain is busy delegating itself to other tasks, you're not constantly thinking about how long you've spent in there. Time isn't on your mind, the tasks that need to be completed are.
Yeah but there's no numerical figure that exists where ten random women with that number all look exactly the same. BMI isn't a particularly great system, and it absolutely useless for high fitness people, but in the context of porn stars, there's nothing wrong with a ratio of height to weight in determining the generally desired body type.
1.[](/r/greenbaypackers)

2.[](/r/minnesotavikings)

3.[](/r/detroitlions)

4.[](/r/chibears)

I don't think there's any question Green Bay remains top dog in the division for at least another couple of years, given Rodgers and their relatively young team. 12-4

I anticipate a huge breakout season for the Vikings pending draft choices and things with Peterson. I really like Bridgewater and only see him getting better, hopefully with some of their holes filled in the draft. 10-6

Of the NFCN teams, I know the least about Detroit. Any time I've watched them play, I'm really just not that impressed, to be honest. It seems they have the right stuff, but I really just don't see their success being sustained. I think this coming season could either swing into a good rhythm for Stafford, and the Lions go big, or they bust. 9-7. 

I really am liking what I'm seeing from Fox and Pace, I hear good things about Gase, and Fangio is fantastic. That said, there's just too many gaps to fill, and the team is among the oldest in the league. I say we improve from last year, and most importantly we play with a lot more heart, but there's no doubt we need more than a year to fix the team whole. 6-9-1 [ don't want ten losses :( ]
The great thing is that we really can't even be disappointed anymore. Last season was such a train wreck, the bar is pretty low. I'm not sure about a top 5 pick, though, not much reason to suspect worse than last year, I'd wager somewhere around 9-14 or so.
The fun never ends.
You don't need to feel ashamed, come on over.
Yeah, it is a little petty, you're right, but knowing that doesn't eliminate the feeling.
I didn't downvote her, because I see where she's coming from, and she's making a valid point. I don't think people should be down-voting her, either, we just have a difference of opinion. I reckon the downvotes are coming from the leading statement "Jeez you men!" because it's kind of belittling.
In general, we just don't want to hear about them at all. Perhaps it is insecurity as you say, but it's pervasive enough to the point where almost all guys are like that, your SO is either a statistical outlier or a liar. It's a competitiveness thing as a biological function, I don't think you should be using such a negative tone about it, women have their own irrational stuff going on, too.
Whenever they casually bring their ex up in a positive light. It's obviously not meant to be hurtful, but there's something about it that I'm sure everyone can relate to when their SO brings up how awesome their ex was at something you're not good at.
Immaturity exists in many forms, and I think people are interpreting what you're saying in different ways. Immature can mean laughing at fart jokes because that suits your sense of humor, or it can mean being incompetent at doing adult tasks. One of those is fine, the other needs fixing.
I think maybe hold off on the fact that she's Colombian until after she initially says she won't go on a date with Jew. I don't know about other people, but I heavily associate Colombian with that Y to J sound, so the joke was spoiled really early.
It's actually the sound of your finger hitting your other finger. Move your ring finger away and the sound goes away with it. 
Not really, lotta kids her age in the Monstercat family. 
You and I seem to be in a similar position, but I would refer to myself as depressed. Nothing's wrong, I'm fine, you can find me somewhere on the spectrum of indifferent and a neutral sort of content, no plans for suicide outside of fantasy. I'd still call it depression on the grounds that nothing makes me happy, though. When there's nothing compelling about the world outside of the basic functions of existence, to me that seems characteristic of depression.
Yeah, that's fair. I don't have any experience with homeopathic doctors, so I can't really speak on that, I'm just wary because of the objectively wrong science behind the core idea of homeopathy. Regardless, I'm glad it worked out for you.
I think that's great, but it doesn't make the actual practice of homeopathy any less ridiculous. 
It's fine for me. Youtube at half and comp at full produces a medium to loud and very reasonable sound.
I don't dislike the Patriots out of anything to do with the Patriots themselves, I just don't root for them because I think their ridiculously long sustained success is boring, and I'd like to see other, less historically successful franchises do well.
Man oh man, modern NFL contracts are looking crazy so far.
I mean, I agree with you, but I feel like the administration isn't boneheaded enough to make this move in a vacuum. There's no way that anyone on the planet thinks Brandon is worth a 5th round pick in and of itself, there had to have been something going on.
