The Roman Republic bought 8,000 slaves from their owners in 216 after the Battle of Cannae and put them in the army. But they were freed through their service. 
we call that a "half-Oedipus"

She certainly became his personal elephant/command post. Must have been nice to be able to see everything from a little higher up. 
well okay, if you are goths then of course halbs become a very good option

Surprisingly enough, the elephants fared even more poorly when Hannibal went through the marshland at the mouth of the Arno river in spring of 217. It appears that he had enough elephants at the Battle of Trebia in 218 for them to be functional, but by the time he got through the marsh he only had one elephant, and one eye left (he lost the other from an infection he caught there). 
Is it a waste of gold to spend 20 on a champ who will cut through all your halbs by himself?
If you had to walk from the Po River Valley, across the Apennines and down into Etruria, and then all the way south into Apulia, stopping each winter, between battles it would take you a while as well. But all you have to deal with is loading screens.
For some reason I did not expect him to show up on this, but he makes a lot of sense. All hail the Hegemon!

Parks and West Wing?
Are there any other options? I mean this guy has proven credentials. 
Lizardmen are pretty pristine, they just want the world to go according to the plans of the Old Ones. 
they are like the friend who you need to rely on sometimes, but always hope that you don't have to. Because if you just have halbs and the other guy can still field gold units.... you are in trouble. 
god I feel bad enough whenever I lose men, especially if I feel their deaths could have been avoided. 
If you add together Ticinus, Trebia, Trasimene and Cannae you can get to 100,000 even under low estimates. which is already 3% of the republic's TOTAL population at the time. This is without casualties in Spain, where four legions were nearly wiped out in 211, and who knows how many dead soldiers and civilians in in the years after Cannae as Hannibal marched up and down the boot. 
working on a paper right now involving the Battle of Cannae, this guy knows his shit. source : history grad student. 

Only Rome had this kind of manpower in Europe at the time, it was pretty extraordinary. An able-bodied male population between 600-800,000 out of a total population of around 3 million. Carthage had maybe 1/8 that many citizens, discounting Iberia. And as unbelievable as it is, the number of Romans under arms increased once Fabian took over again after Cannae. 
Well, maybe the next generation won't be told that they can be anything they want to be. Maybe some will be told, "you would be a good plumber. You could raise a family and have hobbies on that kind of salary."

I never said that I was a Republican, and am really more of a left-wing independent, as I don't really approve of what the democratic party is doing either. Which is why I identify strongly with Bernie Sanders. I'm definitely liberal on social issues (women's rights, gay rights, war on drugs, etc.) and that isn't ever going to change, but I can acknowledge that I don't know enough about economics to really say honestly whether a conservative or liberal economic policy will function better in the USA (although, as you may have noticed, I am definitely leaning to the left there too). And I have realized that being on /r/politics and viewing the largely liberal news media only gives me one side of the story, and so I subscribed to /r/republican to get a better idea of what the right represents. You may want to ask them why they are republicans. I think you will get a lot of different answers. As we only have two national parties in this country, a lot of different interests get lumped in together. Some in the GOP are there because they want lower taxes, others for stronger national security, and some only care about making sure that they can have the biggest guns and that two men can't marry each other. And so on, there are lots of issues. Luckily, you don't have to abide by everything a party officially endorses, you have a right to vote for whichever candidate agrees with you on the most important things. 
you are welcome! I did put out an AMA, so I should answer any question that comes up, even if they are from the same person. 

As for taxes, that is a far more complicated issue than even I can explain, I just went with income taxes because that was the simplest example. 40% may well be a fair amount, but there are a lot of loopholes that corporations and large investors can use to drastically reduce how much they actually pay. But that's something you'll have to look up yourself. Hopefully when you have enough income for it to matter!

I am concerned that this country will make the move towards automation during my lifetime, as has already occurred in many the factories. But, at the moment, it is still cheaper for McDonald's to hire real people than put in robots. I'm not sure how much of a wage increase would be necessary to do that. 

I've always liked the basic income idea, as it would eliminate poverty overnight, and make temporary unemployment less destructive. As usual, the negative is cost. Higher taxes for everyone so that the poor won't be so poor. And something about a lot of people believing that if we had a basic income, no one would want to work anymore, at least at the shitty, soul-sucking jobs many people have. Switzerland pretty narrowly voted it down, if I recall. 

College does appear to have become less directly important in a lot of jobs, just as more and more people have gotten degrees. There will always be jobs that will need a long education, and real people, of course, but if more kids went to trade school that would be for the best. Germany has had free, or nearly free, college education for a while, as have several other places in Europe and South America. Germany, with a highly educated workforce, has been able to keep its economy strong with a lot of high-tech industry. Germany educates its citizens very well, and it has paid off. But they do pay higher taxes. I don't think everyone should go to college, but everyone who is willing and capable of making the best of a college education should be able to go without ending up $100,000 in debt. 
No, not Obama, not Bush, not Clinton and so on. Also, no one since, say, FDR has really been a progressive. Candidates have only had to disclose from where they received campaign funding from since 1971, however. There was also legislation that limited the amount of money that one person could directly donate to a candidate. 

And if you've heard of it, the Citizens United Supreme Court case removed any restrictions on groups that are technically non-affiliated with a campaign from pretty blatantly advertising for their favorite candidate. On commercials you will see something like "paid for by Friends of Scott Walker" and I don't think it will have the "Hi, I'm Scott Walker and I approve this message." 
that it is! Well, seller is Vampire Squid, so if I get counterfeits I have grounds for demanding a refund. Thanks for the update!

Yes. It is a joke. It was not written as a joke, but it should still be funny to us. 
ITT: Some people understand the irony of this article and appreciate it. Others are about to burn OP (me) as a heretic for posting it, although it obviously does not reflect my views.
It was exactly a states' rights war. Especially if you consider slavery to be a secondary issue. Then it still resulted from a dispute that states had the right to secede from the Union. And Lincoln did have the Constitution on his side on that issue, even if his authority for the Emancipation Proclamation was a bit shady. 
To the second part of your question: his policies are most certainly questionable to libertarians, although he does agree with libertarians that the government should not spy on its citizens. Libertarians believe that the free market, and low taxation are the best ways to stimulate the economy. 

Income tax is not the same for all citizens, there are seven different rates for incomes above certain amounts. I don't make much, so I get taxed about 10% of my income, which is the minimum. Any dollar someone makes over $400,000 a year, however, is taxed at nearly 40%. The rich pay for the military, social security, medicare, and every other government program at a rate massively disproportional to the benefit they will receive. Is that fair? Maybe not, but fairness in this case would not be good for the vast majority of the people. And income taxes for the wealthiest have been higher, they were 70% when Ronald Reagan took office, but he cut them in half. Since then, the gap between the wealth of the average american and the wealthiest few percent of Americans has increased dramatically. And then we had a recession in 2008. 

 The minimum wage debate is about making sure that people who work can support themselves, without food stamps and welfare. Someone who makes $7.25 an hour makes about $15,000 in a year, well below the poverty line. 40 hours a week, 52 weeks a year. Opponents say that this would raise prices, and cause businesses to hire less people, and they are not entirely wrong. Businesses will have to choose between taking a hit on their profits, or raising prices. Those who can afford to keep prices low, as always, will see the most customers and still thrive, like Costco does now. And it would also lift millions of people out of poverty, and ultimately give them more money to spend, which is in turn good for the economy.

Lower college tuition- this is an issue of the government investing in its citizens. It would cost money, certainly, but would result in a better educated workforce in the long term. Also, it would prevent college graduates from drowning in student loan debt, taken on so that they could be competitive in the job market. 


People believe that he will be different because he has always relied on grassroots campaigning- if you want to know how a politician will vote, take a look at who funded his campaign. Sanders gets funded by unions, and like-minded progressive individuals from around the country, so it is no surprise when he calls for progressive initiatives that he believes will benefit the lower and middle class. As long as he does not start to take large donations from banks and corporations, there is no reason for him to change. On the other hand, Hillary is currently taking fire, as most of her large contributors are large banks (good comparison here http://imgur.com/gallery/vUVatUt). She can't take the stand that Sanders does against millionaires and billionaires getting richer, because she is part of, and funded by, that group. Likewise, whatever candidate surges to the top in the GOP will have the backing of the Koch brothers (who are oil magnates) as well as numerous other rich donors, who of course would never support a candidate who would raise taxes on the wealthy. 
I believe there was a war about 150 years ago on the issue of states' rights. A bunch of states thought that it was just dandy that black people should be property and then a rather dictatorial president decided that America would not stand for that. 
