Calm down Doctor! Now is not the time for clay. That comes later.
Du kan väl i alla fall censurera namnen på de som gillat och kommenterat? Även om Facebook är öppet strider det mot reddiketten. 
Yeah, "Hen" is an awesome addition in Swedish because it doesn't blend together with another pronoun. 
The funny thing is, in Sweden we have "Hen" instead of "Han" and "Hon" which isn't the same word as "de/dem" as a neutral pronoun, whereas "They" is certainly confusing regardless of whom you're talking about, and because Sweden is the SJW country... 
SCOOBY DOBY DOOOOOOOO!
But he didn't get very far, but in the end, it didn't even matter.
She'll come around, it's a very beautiful movie. Yes, violent, and brooding, and dark. But nice. And what I think is one of Colin Farrells best movies ever.

That and Jimmy, the racist dwarf. All of his lines are great!
My girlfriend told me she had never seen *In Bruges* and I lured her in stating that you see Mad-Eye Moody and Voldemort cursing like they're Australian and she was quite intrigued if I say so. That movie is only romantic if you both are really disturbed but man, is that a magnificent movie! 
**IT'S AN INANIMATE FUCKING OBJECT!**
Every account on reddit is a bot except you.
För att det är en två-dimensionell seriekaraktär.
Wii dånt vörk lajk dat in Swiden.
Karaktären Maja har sin röda stjärna, socialistisk symbol, på tröjan och tjatar på sina kompisar om att de ska demonstrera på första maj dagen efter. Kompisen svarar att den har jobbat så länge i fabriken att den kanske vill festa och koppla av.  
No, you seem to have disable all victory conditions except cultural. In order to win you have to eliminate your enemy or build the Utopia Project in one of your cities. :)
Who the fuck actually jacks off to Youtube?!
You make it sound like there's like two deaths per game with guys just falling down and the audience and judges be like "Aw man, not again!".
We are. It sucks.
Hade de haft Swish hade det varit en annan sak! Scoutskjorta av majblommor alltså... Det hade varit fint!
Jag vet, skämskudden bakom huvudet redan! Känner hur rodnaden sprider sig upp i kinderna igen...
Bluetooth is from the old Danish king Harald Blåtand, a famous viking. He is the father to, amongst others, Sven Tveskägg (Sweyn Forkbeard in England) who ruled England for a while in the 11th century. Harald himself ruled Denmark between 958-985/986 and Nroway between 970-985/986. He made Denmark christian and diverted the country from Sweden whom still considern Pagan and Norse religion the correct faith. 
Wait, this works?
Seriously? I said that like a moment ago?
Hold me closer Tony Fuckza.
I read Ross instead, so now I see Ross and Rose getting together. "We were on a break"-hijinks ensue and 12 yells at all of them to make them sort out their lives.
Wouldn't it be easier to just put root beer in a square?
