I can understand the 'dog acting strange' one. They might think the dog senses intruders.
I thought she was more attractive in Conviction, personally. She would also have to be my favourite other than Sam. She's the only other character with an arc and with some history.
That's /u/thediggitydank
That's Sammie Rhodes.
Woooow. Hot.
Them YouTube comments though
Adrian Veidt.
Sweet clinch pick.
Dan O'Brien of Cracked.com predicted it with Batmath a full year before the movie was even released.
Wilfully and purposely cooking and eating your own head.
Oh man. Isaac Clarke did not have a good day.
Sasha the terrifyingly realistic sniper from Behind Enemy Lines.

The characters history, the way he acts and the things he says... I wouldn't be surprised if there were 60 guys exactly like him doing sketchy things right now.
A man must relive the same day over and over again until he learns the value of humility and other people, and until he becomes a better person.

The gritty groundhog day reboot, Edge of Tomorrow.
I don't have the link with me, but Zach Weiner of SMBC described it as having a faucet in your home. It dispenses happiness when you look at it, but you have to keep it for 18 years, it requires constant maintenance and spurts sewage at random intervals.

I'm not sold.
They came and went at the same time.
Is there anything I can do as a fan of MMA? Apart from tweeting at Dana White? Cause he's probably just gonna call me a clown ass or something.
Conversation is impossible there. It's just memes and trolls.

I'm happy to say I just started the "[PLEASE WAKE UP](http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/Wake_Up)" chain though.
If you watch this gif and read this comment you should read "A fall of moondust" by Arthur C Clarke.
I don't drive... Did I just divide by zero?
If it's not Carlos Condit I don't know who it is.
Blacklist for the gameplay.
Conviction for the story.
Double Agent overall.

Double Agent has refined Chaos Theory gameplay in my opinion. It tried its best to have a more branching storyline, even if the mechanics of it were a bit contrived. Also the soundtrack is pretty sweet.

Blacklist has the best game play IMO. You feel powerful, but need to stay quiet unless you like being swiss cheese. The story is a steaming turd and using systema for the motion capture looks ridiculous though.

Conviction has the best voice acting and the best story, even if the focus is on Sam and not the job.
Frankly I just want everyone to shut the hell up about their beards.
Most people here would be aware of this but just for posterity - GKR is a fucking joke. All I know about it is what a guy told me; he was part of some door to door recruitment drive for students. Children train in the same classes as adults (I might overlook this in certain special cases), no trial classes offered, and he said that the sparring was no contact as if it was a good thing.

Run away.
Mantis shrimp gauntlets.
Kronos
