I'm fairly tempted to put FLCL on here, but I kind of thought the manga had its own weird surreal charm and left me feeling basically the same as the anime.
God owning an old cat this makes me feel so hard.
Its basically super inconsistent with the manga so I don't even know if the animators know. Then again Hide is really quite mysterious.
Pretty sure that face was in fairy tail first though :P
That has to be the single most aggravating thing I have heard to date from this game.
Practice farming. Being able to farm under tower and behind and especially in an even lane is amazing. If you can come out with good cs no matter the matchup (with some exceptions) then you will be a lot more of a presence in games.
A neat theory but fairly weak. Basically relies on some pretty grand assumptions.
yeah I've noticed its pretty different in other places, but it just feels right.
Its on Morena Blvd right off the 8 west. Look it up in that area and it should pinpoint for you. Great mexican food place and decent pricing.
JV's has one of the most solid californias. You may not like it because it has pico but I find it amazing.
Kind of creepy, not gonna lie. Was gonna take a picture but by the time I got back out it had already dipped down.
Am I the only one who is pretty sure that Evangeline is telling him to join. It looks like some heavy reverse psychology there in what she said.
And repeatedly joining teams and doing matches that are stressful surely helps treat this...
I know, too hopeful...
Finally. Its always really nice to see vagabond. Hopefully it lasts for a while.
Normally I would agree. But when it is easier for me to make an account and get it to D4 instead of trying to get the main out of D5, there is a larger issue. I know I can play better than where I am, but winning 5 or 6 in a row at that level if just ridiculously hard for someone who isn't master tier, so getting my mmr up is basically not a possibility.
Speaking from person experience. I made a smurf because my main had terrible mmr due to a string of bad games that left me basically unable to climb higher than i fall win/loss wise (think 1 loss takes 3 wins lp). I made a smurf to correct that. At this point, its higher than my main. A lot of people who make smurfs aren't looking to smash lower level players for fun. They have a goal in mind, and it generally doesn't involve humiliating players lower than them.
Asking too many programming questions. He was farther along than i so i wanted some help. Too much help actually. It was completely reasonable for him to remove me with how much i was asking lol
Hey I knew this guy! fairly cool dude. Then I annoyed him and got removed. RIP. Good to see hes still doin his thing.
yeah man its like really, this stuff is just super simple so why don't they just get on it and change already right?????? DAE rito satan??
/s
Welp. now the entire show is ruined for me. Favorite character and i hadn't caught up. oh well.
currently I'm full on people but I'll add you after some space clears up!
currently I'm full on people but I'll add you after some space clears up!
currently I'm full on people but I'll add you after some space clears up!
yeah man, add me!
