In addition to regular summer festivals, I know St. Cecilia in Oakley is doing an "Ocho de Mayo" Festival this Friday night 5-11.
Ah...got it.  Thanks for the explanation.  That seems pretty reasonable, and I think I'd have 5-10 students, so that makes the most sense.  And for the moment it's probably going to be at the house of one of the parents, so space shouldn't be much of an issue.  But this really helps me get an idea for what to do, so thanks again!
Thanks - I appreciate you taking the time to give me an idea how this works.  Sounds like I need to talk to them more.  She did tell me this was a crazy time of year since they're all finishing up their own classes, so I think in a few days I'll put a small plan together and work out the details of what we need.  Thanks again!
Wow, thanks for the info.  Can I ask what you mean when you say "families split the cost"?  Does that mean it was a flat fee for the whole class and the parents split it? So it was $50 a hour for teaching, and then with 5 kids in the class made it come to $10 a student per hour?  Sorry for the dumb questions - just trying to get a feel for what they expect out of me.
Good to know - thanks.  I assumed that tutoring prices were what they were after, so I'm glad to know that before talking to them again!  It makes sense that teaching a class should be about $10 a person.  But I'm still confused. In the email, it said "Also it would depend a lot on cost, if families could afford it, so you might want to think of what your per kid rate would be, for a class like that."

Is $10 an hour a cost that they might/might not be able to afford? Are they talking about the same thing? Is it possible they're expecting something more out of me?
You have some really great ideas - I was just starting to brainstorm all the things I can do with middle-school kids, and thought that a topic a week was about perfect.  I'm glad that seems to be a structure people would expect or like.  Voting theory sounds neat too  - completely forgot about that.  Thanks for the ideas!
Oooh... a whiteboard is a great idea.  I'll definitely get one.  Also, you mention about $10 a class per student.  May I ask where you are? I started looking into what math tutors around me charge, and that doesn't match what I found.  Are tutoring prices different than the price to teach a class, or can I use the same price the local tutors in my area charge?
Good point - it sounds like I'm going to have to be in constant communication with the parents to get anything done.  Thanks!
Thanks for the response - I started googling topics, but I never thought to look on Pinterest!  I guess I'm just nervous teaching middle schoolers when I only have experience with college kids.  And that I'm really unsure of what kind of background I can assume.  And that's making it hard for me to decide what I feel comfortable teaching.  Thanks for the idea though - time to pinterest all the things!
Thanks so much for your response.  I'm starting to feel a little better about some things and still nervous about others.  After doing some googling, I think I know about what to charge.  But as far as what to teach, my mind is racing.  I have never taught anything but college kids, and so I'm thinking of my favorite math things and then realizing "oh crap, how do I teach this to 12-14  year olds?"

One thing I got used to doing in my college class is giving a survey on the first day with questions like name, math background, strengths, weaknesses, that sort of thing.  The thing is, if I'm charging by the hour, I feel like it would be a waste of time to do that at the first meeting.  So, what do you do the first day?  I guess I could give it to them as a take-home assignment, but is there anything I can do to plan a workshop type course now (and get a head start) before learning more from the parents?  

I guess the main thing I'm asking is how do you personally decide what activities and topics are age appropriate for a wide range of kids with different backgrounds and interests?  I'm so used to the department giving me a basic syllabus and textbook and having someplace to start. 

Do you have any tips on how to get started, or even what kinds of questions I should be asking the parents?  Thanks again for the long post.  That's really helped me get a better feel for what I've gotten myself into :)
Oh wow, I never would have thought of something like this.  My husband loves cream of mushroom soup, so this sounds like something I should do sometime.  Thanks!
Well thanks for the idea - I'll definitely use this new knowledge when I do my next baking project :)
Huh, so using heavy cream in icing makes it lighter?  That's kind of neat.  So if I have a frosting recipe, would I substitute milk for heavy cream on a 1:1 ratio or something else?
Ooooh...thanks!  I used my milk, but I often have about-to-expire milk, so I'll save this for future use! :)
Oh, is that all?  I assumed I'd have to have an ice cream machine to do it.  Thanks!  I see lots of ice cream in my future this summer :)
OMG...I've always loved dulce de leche, but I never knew it was that easy to make.  Not having a candy thermometer, I'm kind of new to what's easy and what's hard to make.  Thank you for this!
Wow, I only have heavy cream because of one recipe, so I didn't really know what else you could do with it except make whipped cream. Thanks for the info!
My husband is like you - heck, I'm even a little like you.  I barely eat cheese, but I eat it more than he does.  You will find love.  It may take time, but it will happen. 

Fun story actually.  When my husband and I first started dating, it was long distance.  I came back to town, he called me at home and said "Hey, when we're going to get lunch tomorrow, you aren't going to get a cheeseburger, are you?"  To me, it was an odd question but I answered honestly "Uh...no? I don't eat cheeseburgers.  I'll probably get a chicken sandwich"  There was silence, and some small talk and that's it.  
Later, I found out about the cheese aversion thing and that the entire reason for that phone call was because he didn't want to kiss me after eating cheese, and wasn't even ready to tell me he had an aversion to the point of thinking it was most disgusting thing in existence.  

Apparently that silence was stunned silence and had some influence on our relationship.  To this day, I don't know what influence it had, but I can say that he still half-jokingly refers to that as the time he knew he loved me.  

That was back in 2008 and we've been married for almost 3 years now.  So, don't lose heart - you too can find a girl as disgusted with cheese as you :)
Oh, I never thought about eggs and sausage.  That could be a good weekend breakfast :)  I'm not big on alfredo sauce, but my husband might like it, so I'll keep it in mind. Thanks!
Oooh, that's a good idea!  Next time I get milk, I'll remember to freeze it so I don't have this problem :)
Oh wow, really?  How much longer? And is the salt necessary, or just for taste?
crackers with pudding? Never would have thought of that.  Might have to try it :)
Wow, really?  That's it?  Thanks for the tip!  Maybe I'll be brave :)
Well, for one, no cookies or brownies.  For 2, we have almost a half gallon, and there are only 2 of us, so....that's not really going to make much of a dent.  I was kinda looking for desserts I could have after I used up some for drinking with chocolate or tea...
Huh, never thought about freezing it before.  Thanks for the suggestion!
