It's all about punching them cones ;) 
Seeing how you called it a cone I presume you're Aussie. I've found that us australians in general prefer to have a cone each vs Americans who like to pass after each hit. 
Oh right, fair enough.
Thank you for not banning me, but I wasn't trying to start a witch hunt. I just found the video where the police confront the guy humorous. 
It is but it's not worth charging someone with defacing currency over a few coins.
No less than 30g? What happens if you have less than that?
.
The Byzantines were Greek. They called themselves Roman but culturally they were Greek.
/r/cutiesinconverse
/r/cutiesinconverse
/r/cutiesinconverse
I can safely say it's not 
I think you mean neutrons 
Australia does have free healthcare (yes I know we pay for it via taxes) but not everything is covered including ambulances and dental.
They won't go down from pain or shock but things like choker holds (cause they cut of blood from the brain), KO hits to the head and traumatic injuries will take them down just the same. 
[been wearing these for about 2 and a bit years now](http://i.imgur.com/NqPTBuL.jpg)
I've had a look at it but I'm a bit of a lurker most of the time. I'm on a bit of a commenting binge at the moment haha.
The purpose is that it is fun, the same for any kinda game from video games to playground games like tip to board games. Competition, team work and the sense of achieving something (winning) all make sports enjoyable. 

I'm not saying your wrong or having a go at you for not enjoying watching or playing football and I do agree people should come together more with out needing an excuse. But I don't agree that there is "no purpose" to playing footy or any other sport. 
I regularly imagine what if scenarios where I save the day through heroics. Generally it's variations of stopping a home invasion, shooting or someone trying to harm one if my sisters. Depending if which if the aforementioned scenarios I have running through my head I come up with how I would use my surroundings to my advantage, how I would handle any wounds that either myself or bystanders might revive, what exactly I would say to the operator when I call emergency services and other various things I come up with. 
Fair enough, each to their own.
Two packets of Zappos and a Vanilla coke  
I am against it as i find the risk of even one innocent person being wrongfully executed wrong. The death penalty was originally to put fear into people so they would not want to commit crimes (this is shown by how petty crimes such as theft could result in being hanged in late 1700s Briton.) Ithaca  slowly become more a form of revenge reserved for murders, rapists and traitors. I feel both of these reasons for the death penalty not worth it. 
Ignoring the fact it's not really a fad at this point, clubbing is popular for a few big reasons.

The first and biggest one is alcohol. It is an excuse to drink really large amounts of alcohol. This is generally not considered socially acceptable, but at a club it's the norm.

Dancing/the music/the "vibe". There aren't many places that provide a place to dance in public with others with music blaring. It's really fun to just let go and dance to music (especially once you have been drinking)

Casual sex. Lots of people go clubbing to look for (and often find) casual sex. If you go down to say the local library you're less likely to find someone willing to have a casual hook up with you. 

You could say clubbing is similar to the parties you'd have towards the end of Highschool and in uni/collage but you don't need to be invited and you don't need to worry about the cops showing up cause the music is to loud.

 
So you find a problem with people enjoying physical activity, team work, a sense of community etc. while you prefer activities which (typically) are very non social. Well at least not social in person (you might be on some mailing lists or something idk). 

Don't get me wrong I'm a big tech head myself but I also love myself some rugby league. Nothing's quite like getting together with some mates and playing some footy. Sports is also how I've connected with my father, he doesn't share my interests in things like video games, programming, networking etc. But he does love his sport, so by watching the footy together we can enjoy each other's company.

Every year when State of Origin rolls around my dad and I take over the TV and the house is filled with us cheering, yelling at the ref (through the TV) and us just having a good time. 

I think I've covered why I like football and why your hobbies aren't "better" than others interests.
Yes for sure, what I need at this point in my life is some direction. Being a colonist on mars would mean I always have something meaningful or at least important to do. 

This of course is without even mentioning the amazing opportunity it would be to be one of the first people to set foot on Mars.
