Why would you post there? They're not going to give you an off-the-street response, they're going to hunt for reasons to say no. 
It wouldn't be that hard. NPC's walk in a circuit. Step one: figure out what spot in the sky to aim at in order to hit somewhere along their path. Step two: make them stop to talk to you in that spot before the arrow hits.
Yes, I know. I'm saying that the distinction is arbitrary. It's a rule that serves no purpose except to discriminate.
Under what circumstances would it even matter who wanted to use a service? A doctor isn't, for instance, going to order a prostate exam for someone not in possession of a prostate, regardless of their gender.   And someone not in possession of a prostate wouldn't bother asking for one. So what kind of "inappropriate" expenses are they preventing here? It's like making a rule forbidding parapalegics from running at the pool.
Thanks! Glad you like my work. =D
That's a really clean execution, well done.
I think because it sounds boyish and relatively gender neutral to Western ears. I hear "Kai" and I think of a small, puckish guy with a chip on his shoulder. Has a street-cool vibe about it. Unfortunately, it also dates the age of the person who chose the name- it has teen appeal.
It is for trans boys. I know at least three.
You know that name you saw in a book somewhere when you were fourteen and thought "That's a name for cool people"? Don't pick that name. Us FTM's do the same thing, and the result is thousands of guys named Aiden, Tristan, Damien, or Kai. You can actually predict how quickly a name will lose popularity based on how quickly it becomes popular.

EDIT: [This is a handy tool for loosely predicting name trends.](http://time.com/93911/baby-name-predictor/) 
Hey, what's up? Something in particular bothering you?
I can assure you that attention is historically lethal for us. So no, we don't like attention.
Like, an hour to the south.
Depends on the guy. I find it kind of validating, but not enough to balance out the hassle, so I rarely bother. Some actually get triggered worse by it. Others like it so much they sleep in theirs. 

I'd suggest buying a Mr Limpy. They're very cheap, so if you end up not liking it you're not out by much money.
Transmasculine androgyne here, living as male for the sake of convenience.

I've always related more to men than women, but I fall somewhere in between. I took five months of testosterone to masculinize my voice and the bones in my face, and then went off so I could have a kid. I experience dysphoria, and it has gotten worse as I grew older. When I was a child I thought I was intersex, even though I had no reason to think so. (I'm not intersex.)
Korean men's wear is very androgynous, but it's also made for only one body type: skinny as hell. 
That, and it could provide some warning if they say something like "We're buying plane tickets, see you in six hours."
Holy shit dude. Good on you for moving quickly to empty your bank account. I suggest you consider staying with a friend for a while, they may just decide to drop in on you uninvited. When you're feeling a little less freaked out, check your messages to see if they contain anything important. Ignore the bullshit.
You are spot on here, stunt double material. The only thing that stands out to me is the wig- it's a bit too dark. But that's only because the rest of it is so uncannily accurate.
Dat fabric.
A null result would be informative. Distinguishing between dislike and disinterest could tell you a lot.
I (a random citizen) could make that ruling right now, and it would make about as much legal sense.
It's /r/adviceanimals, that sub is a hole. They had to ban Stormfront Puffin because they couldn't rely on their userbase to downvote it.
They think being transgender in the first place is some kind of fetish or means to sexual gratification. So yeah. That probably sounds logical to them.
I always assumed that girls who were girly only did so because they felt pressured into it. Took ages for me to figure out that girlyness was perfectly natural for them, I just happened to be a dude.
May I recommend the [herp derp youtube plugin?](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/herp-derp-for-youtube/ioomnmgjblnnolpdgdhebainmfbipjoh) Saves me a lot of aggravation.
