That's the campus newspaper for the University of Florida. 
IIRC it had a hole in it and wasn't keeping air anyway. 
 “Running in the 90s” by Italian disco artist Max Coveri. 

Made famous by YTMND 
Southwest Florida, and I'm a journalism professor. 
I'm a journalism professor. You can pretty much scratch out the word "games" before the word "journalism" and everything still stands. Social media has changed the way people get news, it's decentralized the process of distribution, and it's demolished a lot of traditional media's gatekeeping capacity.

It's the same with video games as it is anything else.
What happens when you walk around too long in a bathing suit in the middle of summer. 
Cheeseburgers will keep for at least a week in the fridge, they don't have to be eaten on the spot. 
14 cheeseburgers. 
What?
I do not understand what the words in your sentence mean based on the order you have them in.
&gt; hope that makes sense!!

It does not.
I don't think many people are happy about the destruction of the store. I also think it's telling how many people are hand-ringing and so so concerned about a CVS vs. institutional police brutality. 
[BREAKING NEWS WHITE PEOPLE ~~LOOTING~~ FINDING AND GATHERING SUPPLIES.](http://i.imgur.com/hKq4rnf.png) 
Sure the police murdered someone, but guys, a CVS got all messed up =( 
Correct, pictures of looters should not represent protesters. They are two different things. 
Good thing that doesn't happen that often, unlike rape. 
Ok, they have content that isn't traditionally structured news. Again, how's that different than newspapers selling space in the publication for advertisements? Or running comics? 
The bot really is like our canary in the coalmine. 
If Reddit were around in the 1960s, I can imagine a long whiney post about a Good Upstanding Tax Payer in Selma being stuck in traffic just trying to get to work. 
That social media-based information distribution is now the new hegemony in breaking news. 
&gt; it's hard to respect BuzzFeed's business model and the path that it took to become such a media mogul.

I'm confused as to how it's any different from what newspapers do/did?
&gt;Well seeing that this movement is being sponsored by the Nation of Islam (an infamous racist hate group) and endorsed by the Bloods and Crips gangs, I can only assume that this racial violence is what the people behind the movement really want.  

Weird I don't remember seeing that sponsored content tag on the hashtag on Twitter. 
Man, Reddit is really getting racist today. 
&gt;Here comes former shitcanned admin /u/intortus[1]  and his personal army of hideous asexual c[slurs] and their white knights to feel victimized on behalf of a demographic they don't belong to.
Report every single srser that comes to brigade 

Shrieks the redditor into the thread no SRSers are posting in. 
The ones who point out institutional racism are the --real-- racists. 
