Likely the first of many more. I'm in the middle of a course myself. I am always just so grateful that I am not in that infusion center for what most the other people are there for. Good luck! 
Had something like this happen at my high school. The way the risers folded when they collapsed resulted in some legs getting caught. Luckily no one was seriously injured, only some bad bruising. It's quite a story, actually. 
I haven't heard anything, but I would not be surprised. Those trains break down ALL THE TIME. 
I hope you do. We're all in this together. 
The low MCHC means the concentration of hemoglobin in your blood cells is low. You likely have mild anemia, and assuming that you have Crohn's, my guess would be iron-deficiency anemia. 

Are you on any immunosuppressive drugs? That could be the cause of your low lymphocytes. Alternatively, you could just naturally run a bit lower than average, I myself am usually mildly lymphopenic.

The low urea is likely nothing to worry about, high urea can indicate liver problems. 

Make sure to follow up with your doctor, he will probably want to have you take iron supplements. 
I would also consider making an appointment to sit down with Dr. John Ramirez. He is the departmental advisor for CS, and a nice guy; he would be able to tell you if it is possible, and how long it would take. 
For your health, ya dringus! 
I would start by talking to your manager, or perhaps a manager over in the main lab. They should be able to get you in contact with someone over in your LIS division, who you could talk to about opportunities, and what they are looking for. I've known plenty of people who have made the transition, they usually just have on the job training for the tech side. It would at least let you know if it's something you would like to pursue long-term. 
The Humira Protection Plan is a copay discount program that only covers a certain amount each year, usually not enough as a long-term solution. However, they have a more restrictive program available, called the AbbVie Patient Assistance Foundation:

&gt;In some situations, the services of the AbbVie Patient Assistance Foundation may be available. The AbbVie Patient Assistance Foundation provides HUMIRA at no additional cost to eligible patients who are typically uninsured and unemployed. In addition, independent third-party charities may be able to help.

You can see if she is eligible and apply online.
[http://www.abbviepaf.org](http://www.abbviepaf.org)
I have this every so often. I find that it often results from me thinking too much about the actual injection before doing it. 

One solution I have found is to have someone else do the injection once or twice. I think this helps my mind realize that it isn't as bad as I am building it up to be. Good luck! 
By the way, nice username, go Pens. You from da 'burgh?
Me too, but I guess the Germans also like a good Jaffa.
I second Deluca's and Dorstop.
Rip Poptart.
Check out r/eatsandwiches
[Here you go...](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/sy9lVl4)
I am so glad that this site exists.
They have some pretty freaking classy cases over at hansaware.com. I got a nice nickel case that has held up amazingly well, hardly ever scratches, and I feel like James Bond every time I pull that thing out. 
Howdy neighbor!

Have you ever talked with a counselor or therapist? If not, I know it can be scary to take that step. I put off seeing a therapist for many years, and was really nervous about meeting with him when I made that first appointment. It turned out to be the best decision I've ever made, he is always so nice, and I feel so much better knowing that I have someone to talk to and who cares about me unconditionally. We are here for you, buddy. Remember, we love you just the way you are. 
I had an increase in acne for about a month or so when I started, but it went away. When I was using the auto-injector pens, I had swelling and itching around the injection site, probably because of a latex allergy I have. This also got better once I switched to the prefilled syringes. All in all, it is working great for me. The injections aren't that bad once you get over the mental block. 
I've used that one! They did put a frosted glass barrier up. What a waste, no one is gonna peek in the 34th floor window. 
That is cool, I've been wanting to try my hand at homemade nib holders. I will take this under consideration. 
What is the piece of metal you used to hold the nib? 
watched sips once. subbed for life. 
Finally somewhere local! Imma gonna go get me a sammich. No excuses.
