I find myself saying "Bluh" more than a normal person.
I know that this can sometimes be difficult, but play with people slightly better than you. Once you start losing enough, you'll figure out who you're legitimately good with, the boredom will end, and you can start to specialize
It's honestly a very rare and good quality to be able to change your stance in an argument. It means you're receptive. A lot of people will continue to argue after being out-logicked in a debate. 

 But if you don't have substantial control of something, I would say don't worry about it and focus on the good aspects of the thing. When making decisions, try to lay things out and keep everything on both sides in mind, not just the thing you've heard about last.
The more I think about this, the more it makes sense! Thanks, just knowing this relieves some of the stress :D
I think it's beautiful, the vastness and shininess of it. There's both the comfort that comes with being incredibly important and incredibly insignificant in nature. Academically, it's also fascinating, and the complexity of 'empty space' has beauty in itself ([Hawking radiation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawking_radiation) is pretty interesting).

That said, the [Fermi Paradox](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RF4D4k2AVLA) scares me like nothing else. It's terrifying, the fact that we should have found alien life long, long ago, but didn't for some reason. As a biologist, I honestly think life should be fairly common in the universe, and that intelligence would arise given enough time in almost any system with enough resources. 
If you ever need to talk, don't think you'll make it, feel free to PM me! 

Not many of my stories end with victory, most begin with failure, but a lot of them end with happiness. I can't think of any worth sharing that wouldn't require a full page of context. But really, most anything can end in happiness. 
Let's try this

One of my biggest fears was that I had no control over my brain. After some incredibly traumatic events, I had a flashback, something which utterly terrified and confused me. The movies do an okay job of communicating what it's like, but what they can't communicate is the worst part- You literally relive the trauma in your brain. Your mind can't figure out what's good or false; you can't stop the emotion coming back.This loss of control was almost too much to handle for me. It made me question everything about the world I built up in my head, the world I truly live in.

But, eventually, I began to calm down and think about this. I relived terrible emotions, but I began to realize that all of my emotions really mattered to me. While they hurt, there's value in the pain. I have a concept of a metaemotion -how I feel about my feelings. I think that can be mostly controlled. I learned to love myself by first loving the parts of me which hurt.

That's why I love being an INFP. I think you can take any pain you have, and turn it around. We can find value in the worst. It's not always easy, but it's possible and worth it.

As I said, feel free to PM me if you're ever worried or just need to talk!
 I'd be careful about "warm". You'll meet a lot of fun and wonderful people, but especially in fighting game and multiplayer communities, some people have a brand of competition probably foreign to most INFPs. Half of the community will be complaining about a certain tactic; the other side will be people who unapologetically use that tactic. Very few will keep sight of the fun that matters.

That said, there are some wonderful moments to be had! Sm4sh is both calming and exhilarating. Hearthstone is fun for strategy. For singleplayer, I also enjoy the Legend of Zelda series for deep, meaningful stories, with depth below the surface, and Octodad is hilarious and fun.
Thanks! That makes a lot of sense, given my propensity to turn on background noise.
If you're interested in a non-pure, amazing Earl Grey, I recommend Queen Mary Tea's The Queen's Earl Grey. I don't know how good it is in terms of grade, but they make some wonderful additions to complexify the flavor.
"Perceiving" is honestly a really weird adjective for it. Same with "Judging". 
Judging- Think generally organized people who tend to weight things on literal scales of values. (Outside world)
Perceiving - Think generally disorganized people who tend to base their decisions off of expected emotions and more internalized value (inside world)
It's kinda like S vs N.
Have you tried solving the problem peacefully, instead of fighting it out?
Probably not, but there was a time (long, long ago) when down-throw to up-b was considered nearly game breaking.
Sorry to hear about the depression! I definitely feel that. So, everything I've mentioned by them is good. Arcadia is largely considered to be one of Tom Stoppard's greatest works, and he also worked on Brazil! (a fantastic movie, but this one is more actually absurdist, without much of the hope). 
I mostly got angsty after becoming isolated because of my awkwardness / nerdiness in middle school, and even after finding more of a place in high school, the anger at society in general carried over and I began to get a bit intellectual-elitist. I (stupidly) thought that lower orders essentially "couldn't understand" just how fragile and ephemeral and meaningless this world was.
But then I was playing Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask one winter recess, and I began thinking about how nothing you do in the game matters. Every three days, you reset the game, and only the most significant progress carries over, like rewards from sidequests where you help the people of Termina. These stories ended up teaching me two major things: 1) Everyone has a deep and important story, and 2) even nonpermanent things are significant.
Around the same time, I got into the Absurdists. Similarly, at first I watched them thinking it reinforced my nihilism, but after a while got to thinking, "What if?" At least in Waiting, every character has a simple solution in how to solve their problems, but none act on it. I don't think it's about being trapped. I think it's about the illusion of being trapped. Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead! includes many scenes of discovery, and the pair plays an important role in the outside play of Hamlet. 
These works all led me to realize just how real emotions also were, and how important, and I began to transition from an INTJ to an INFP.
So, tl;dr: Especially what I mentioned, also Arcadia, I began to see people as people and to look, not wait, for solutions,  I realized just how important and valuable all emotions are.
I would look at the course listings at your school and the graduate programs you're interested in. That should give you a fine background, but it's better to know what the recruitment is looking for, and the fine-tuned points of each department. Some schools might have it in electrical engineering, some might have it in cell bio, some might have it in physics...
Nice! My introduction to existentialism was through works classically considered Absurdist. Tom Stoppard and Samuel Beckett. But I looked at their work and honestly saw classical existentialism (not the more hopeless absurdism) and some weird hope shining through Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, Waiting for Godot, even Endgame. And that basically took me from grumpy, angsty teenage nihilist to happy existentialist!
Now I have "I friggin hate sibbie" stuck in my head XD
Nope nope nope nope nope
If you look closely, you can see that this "fish" actually has several mammalian qualities, like fur. When mammals live in the ocean, you can more of less safely assume that they are in fact Cetaceans. So it isn't even a catfish! It's a whale, a Blue Whale, if I'm not mistaken.
Will these be the league shoes you took off for two seconds during your famous Drunkey Plays Gnar video?
I'm willing to bet it's Bubberducky.
This class system confuses me.
Sir, it sounds as if your jimmies have been rustled. If your jimmies have been rustled, please press 1 for "Rekt". If your jimmies have been rustled, please press 2 for "Rekt". If your jimmies have been rustled, please press 3 for "Rekt". If your jimmies have been rustled, please press 4 for "Rekt". If your jimmies have been rustled, please press "Unnerf Undertaker Blizztards" for "Rekt". If your jimmies have been rustled, please press 6 for "Rekt". If your jimmies have been rustled, please press 7 for "Rekt". If your jimmies have been rustled, please press 8 for "Rekt". If your jimmies have been rustled, please press 9 for "Rekt". 
OOOOHhhhhhh man i am not good with comments pls to help its happening everywhere isn't it ohhhhhhhhh man 

I've been most successful with Love Poem (SBEmail 195 or something?). It's smart humor that reflects the character's personalities well without requiring inside knowledge.

It's fine to say that, but at least give us a reasonable definition for it.
