Cat.
Holy shit I live two blocks from that place... I should go get some doughnuts.
Limiting game time to a couple nights a week would be impossible for either of us. 

The gaming isn't the issue, it's the communication. Game time is almost always planned and talked about during the day. We know who needs to get what done in what game and the same goes for studying/work. If one of us wants sex we ask the other for an ETA and go from there.

I can understand how it could feel like asking for the sex detracts from the romance of the experience though. It's hard to balance, but I've taken to yelling at him to come and seduce me already rather than seeing if he picks up on my hints.
This is how I felt when I got to Chipotle today.
Test post...
[*[X-files theme intensifies]*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbBX6aEzEz8)
I would much prefer the MMO version described above. In my mind I see it as an interactive universe and continuation of the series, where the avatar in the game is canonically next in line (or from somewhere else before Aang). Interacting with other players politically, financially, criminally, etc. to influence the world would be so damn cool.

I agree though that a single-player game as the next avatar is probably a more realistic idea, especially since MMO's are really hard to do well. If they could do a better/more complicated version of Fable's Good/Evil alignment system that'd be great.
I used to read the labels in the bath but not everyone does. Some people probably just zone out.

I can totally see some kid thinking they remembered the order from when mom used to do it, but accidentally switching it. Then some years pass and they've been doing it that way for a while and nothing unusual has happened to draw attention to their mistake. 

They don't read the label because they know how to bathe, they've been bathing the "right way" for 20 years so what's the point?
Yeah well if you don't get corrected when you're 7 then it just keeps going. What parent makes sure their teens are washing correctly? They probably just said "You're old enough to shower alone now" and assumed the kid had been paying attention to the order of things.
Times should be in half hour intervals or there should be a fill in box.
To be fair I don't leak at all after sex until about an hour later. My boyfriend has small loads I think.
This is such a cool story! I love that the mother is encouraging her daughter to interact, observe, and even record animal behavior. A biologist in the making!
[5-7-Fuji](http://youtu.be/9y3baOVXpSE?t=11s)
There were plenty of parents who knew their kids were having sex when I was growing up. When I was young the only rule was don't do it when we are in the house with you. None of my boyfriends parents ever told mine that I was having sex, they simply had a talk with their sons about being safe with me and that everything needed to be consensual.

14-15 may be underage but they certainly aren't children anymore. Sure walking in on them is awkward as fuck, and you have the right to say "not in my house" or "not when I'm here", but teenagers will continue to bang like rabbits even if they can't do it at home.
[And another.](http://youtu.be/MKmGC9qYSD4?t=1m51s)
[Pussy Write Letter](http://youtu.be/n2cvyOnEsJw?t=41s)
/r/oldpeoplefacebook
http://i.minus.com/ibfLwPPBui3Ie4.gif
Head to the nearest hospital to help out. It's what I want to do anyway and I imagine they'll be rather short on staff. Slowly learn how to do the actual important shit and establish a role there. Maybe make some money but who knows what the economy would be like. 

Hopefully my boyfriend will still be alive and we can slowly start to procreate, otherwise I'll miss that motherfucker dearly. I should really learn how to grow a garden too, at least enough to support my own household. I'll go to my uncles and get a delicious egg laying chicken.

If any of my family was still alive it'd be a great help, I come from ranch/farm people on at least two sides.
The point of the exercise isn't the questions being asked, it's the attitude with which you answer them. You could get two completely unwilling people together, make them answer the questions, and they would do that bare minimum to complete the task and walk away. The point of the exercise is to get you to willingly and fully open yourself up to the other person and they to you. You come to understand one another, and it's hard not to feel connected to someone when you share that kind of understanding.

Keep in mind that only one of the couples was reported to have married in the experiment mentioned, and though the author claims to have fallen in love with her acquaintance, they were both receptive to the idea of trying to connect with one another.

Either way, I don't think understanding how we make connections cheapens them. If anything it fascinates me more that humans can make these deep connections with one another, with anyone, based on such simple effort. That all it takes is that little bit of openness and vulnerability to  feel connected to someone on such a deep level. It actually makes me want to go strengthen the relationships I have now.
They'd have to have Klinefelter Syndrome, meaning they have XXY chromosomes instead of XY. Two or more X chromosomes are required to be a calico.
As a female, I have no idea what I would think. I just realized that all my past first kisses were initiated by me, so to be in a situation where someone is asking for a kiss I have to assume that it's a situation where I don't want/hadn't considered one. I feel like an awkward "No thanks", would be more weird than simply turning away from an approach.
I can try to control it once I notice I'm being irrational. I try not to make big decisions for a while, think about things longer before I say them, and just overall try to plan out my reactions more carefully. That said, it took me 10 years to get to that point, and even then I lose control of it sometimes.

The worst though is when it isn't in response to anything noticeable and you're sitting there crying for no reason trying to figure out what set you off, which makes you feel crazy, which makes you more upset... etc.
I call mine Durant Durant. 
Pretty sure man? Wikipedia says he so I'll stick to that.
