I mean, I can finally get [[puppeteer clique]] and like [[creakwood liege]], that's worth something, right? /s (Yay for being an EDH player)
Fascinating read, thanks for the write up!!
[[kolaghan's command]]
Thanks little bot!
As a physics major, conservation of momentum only applies in classical mechanics, what rules quantum is conservation of energy. All this drive is doing is converting energy (EM radiation) into energy (matter) through spontaneous interconversion. For a related effect, see the [casimir effect](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casimir_effect). We've known about this for a while, this is just the first time we've seen results on this order of magnitude

Edit: Fixed link to non-mobile
That's absolutely gorgeous, I love it.
...it's actually hilarious to see [whataboutism](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism) being used *against* the russians. Whataboutism has always been a fallacy, for both sides.
See, I've always loved "Joe"'s, it's "Joseph"'s who tend to be entitled rich guys and/or obnoxiously self-centered and hateful.
Was his name Joseph? I feel like his name was joseph.
But when I could do that every game, I had to nerf him pretty hard. So hard I just played a different commander. The problem was that I could mulligan as aggressively as I wanted until I got turn 3 wanderer, because my mulligans would be made up when I cast him.
But you responded to me, who was. You're attacking the wrong target. 
And OP lumped those fringe cases in with the average person, I'm just trying to say that they shouldn't. 
...that's mostly fair. But we're not talking basic hygiene, we're tslking specialist appointments, probable gland treatments etc. some of that makes legacy look affordable. 
People don't choose to not enough money to go to the doctor for a cosmetic issue. I only take issue with OP demanding people get prescription stuff if OTC doesn't work. Asking someone to shower every day and deodorant twice a day is entirely reasonable, but there are people for whom that's not enough. That is an admittedly amall subgroup, but don't throw out the baby with the bath water. 
I agree with everything you said!! The guy I was originally talking about those who need prescription-level remedies, which is what I take exception to. Showering every day and deodorant twice a day is a totally reasonable thing to ask. Getting mad at someone because they won't go to the doctor for a cosmetic issue is not. 
Loved [[maelstrom wanderer]] , cascading into big things on turn 4. Then I rhought, hey, if I blow up all the lands, my big thing are untouchable!! And then I realized how fun/unfun it is to have 30 power when no one else has lands
But then why can ugly people walk around?? Don't inflict that on me!! Oh god, gay people are gross, don't inflict that on me!! Get over yourself. 

-to be clear, gay people are wonderful, this is for point of reductio ad absurdum 
Disanalogy. Oozing puss is a health hazard. Shitting yourself is a health hazard. Not showering enough is disgusting health hazard. IF (big if) you have a legitimate glandular problem, it would be kind and considerate to treat it, but I can't say you're obligated to. 
Don't willfully misinterpret what I mean. If you shower and shave and deodorize etc but your funk is a little stronger than others, well, oh well. 
See my edit. You have obligations to society to shower and be generally clean. If you have a glandular problem (legitimately, not as an excuse) it is a good idea to get this prescription stuff, but you're not *obligated* to.
I totally agree!! If you stink because you refuse to wash, then you are the problem. But if it's actually glandular, you don't need to be made to feel worse about it
It is in no way anyone else's "responsibility" to correct something natural that I dislike. 

It's not their responsibility to cover up a deformity I might find gross

It's not their responsibility to not be ugly just because I don't want to look at them

It's not their responsibility not to have Tourette's just because I find it annoying

It's my responsibility to be a fucking grown up and get over myself. 

EDIT: apparently I'm not clear in my position. If you smell like shit because of a biological condition, people need to back off. If it's because you can't be assed to wipe yourself when you shit, that's unacceptable. But let's not pretend these are the same issue
The biggest problem I see is that he's not a land. Control decks survive on predicting and responding to the meta, so they run super lean. If you can find a thing to take out for Aetherling, then you could replace that with an answer for your meta. Doesn't mean Aetherling's a bad card, just something to think about.
Depends on the matchup (I can't pretend to have tested them), but sphere of safety looks too slow, especially against your nemesis, abzan. 
[[pithing needle]] is your version of abrupt decay, esp against planeswalkers. 
